nickname;blurb
Cristina;is that amber heard behind him
brooke johnson;I thought the notification was for Johnny Depp
Caiden Johnson577;Go watch the Johnny depp trial
fullermonkeybunch;@amber.jackson44 15 months
Bama88;It’s Johnny Depps gold he dropped
Three;Looks like johnny bravo
alizamiff;@johnnybeentheredonethat good one! So far away though
Jason Klein;#JOHNNY OR AMBER TEAM
Taylah Boulton;YOU SOUND LIKE  YOUNGER JOHNNY DEPP
Hello;@offlineinfinity0 no that would be amber
Wyatt;If heard wins depp wins the case
Rileyy <3;Amber from genshin? <3
Slitz;Why are y’all spamming depp
Loki’s gf;JUSTICE FOR JOHNNY DEPP
.;Ambers lawyers going to use this as evidence
GRAPEJUICE OVER ORANGE JUICE;That ain’t no Johnny Depp that’s Donny Wepp
Michael08;AMBER HEARD FOR THE WIN
<3;LET THE KING DEPP WIN
Ham;“AmBer MuSt WiN” bruh this is such a dumb way to just get views
oof poof712;Anyone who says amber is a walking L
Bingus meme cat;@watchyourtoneboy no depp
Angela Turner9203;I have cancer and I would love for u to draw Johnny depp plz
brooke;YOU LOOK LIKE EMMA CHAMBERLAIN
Rim19py83;why yall cheering for amber heard
Hi;Y’all Johnny deep fans weird
Hi;Johnny isn’t an angel …
jebat putina;@scubakitt.y amber abused him
Mikka-Jane/MJ :);Amber literally tried to throw the case off n she went off topic however many times
jebat putina;@scubakitt.y dont lie like u never watched depp movies
user2063625903533;Johnny should be winning by a land sulfide
WeirdoHunter;Depp Depp Depp. Why is his health even a LITTLE BIT DOWN!?
America Hernandez;only reason she know how to hit is cause she hits johnny
jebat putina;and i looked at him and sayd Johnny u hit me
Noah;People giving to heard is proof that amber beats up Johnny
Abner Krill;ambers gonna use this live stream in court
tammyarow;guys amber might shit in the ring
Marvel edits;@i._.rlly._.dont._.care uh oh and there is proof. for court amber just punched Johnny
Junior Tapia4915;What out guys amber might use this in court
El_sapito :D;que se fumo amber? xdddd
user5276524887659;Bro what is this (depp)
Duhastweinie;There’s no fatality for depp
user7464627744575;amber win she did nothing johnny abuse her
user7464627744575;amber win she did nothing johnny abuse her
user7464627744575;amber win she did nothing johnny abuse her
Vespa26;you should so Johnny Bravo
Vespa26;have you ever drawn Johnny Bravo?
Earth angel #3;Amber isn’t popular bc of a certain court thing but I like the name
Nicole;@brookechambers1 great thankyou x
Jane;@johnnyeller8 he isnt singing.  he is goldman right now
disturbedkay;your out if time johnny boy
Aaron;That puppet is related to Amber Heard
Mrhats_tattoo;Wetter than Amber Heard
Laura Ledesma;@amberdallaz nice thinking the same
ociel;@johnnyb420321  tu mama
Mariah Jean Brooks;Omg amber alert that made my day
Texas9595;Johnny Johnny yes papa
Dawn Cramer820;So was there proof Johnny was in penthouse
Jovan Caughman;Free Johnny she lying judge
Lisa Villafrade;One of her multiple personalities did it and she’s blaming it on Johnny.
celenec14;Can’t wait for Johnnys lawyers to take the stand with Amber!
Mark adrenal;What team are you on amber or Johnny
Dave. Robinson;GAME OVER, AMBER LOSES
William horvath214;if you are with amber heard you are a simp admit it
uh.kaylee.ig;IF JOHNNY WANTED TO BREAK HER SHIT IT WOULD BE ACTUALLY BROKEN BYEEE
dina_rosas;johnny johnny yes papa
armaniisanderss;Johnny bruises was black and purple it’s no way she got hit hers look like blush
Official horror account_;i cant wait for johnny
LuxyQuotes;team Jonny depppppppppppppp
Carla Hastings;Where’s the proof Johnny did it ? It’s all hearsay lol the mega pint
Kristy Lee;useless info in the defamation trial from amber
Julie Lane502;She’s the one that staged all that damage and blamed it on Johnny
zhy Pasquil;Couches and carpets are not safe with amber
William horvath214;if you are with amber heard you are a simp admit it
JayBaked;or any evidence of johnny raging other than slamming cabinets, which was when his mom died
Brenda Kowalski;how would this prove johnny did it though? she could have easily done this and blamed him.
_naivbrqz;I love youuuu mr depp
middlechery3;Where’s ur fake tears amber honey
skylahades;I think Amber did all this.
tee’;johnny johnny yes papa
Elizabeth Margarita ;pure lie of amber heard
jesscollins007;Glass on the floor…. It has to be wine glass and it has to be Johnny….
Kyle Hoovler;how  does she remember what penthouse? too much detail..gotta be a bit broad if you wanna lie amber.
Wong Kok Xuan;Why isnt Johnny talking
Em <3;Johnny slick back looking good
mememinta;johhny just dropping a glass by accident. amber: OMFG ABUSER
A pov creator from flop era;Lawyer:what’s your fave color amber:glass
Mello;Where is proof that is was done by Johnny? She went in and caused that and then took pictures. Plus
youngggleex;No one is going to take pics of all this and “not want Johnny to get introble”
user7961344469505;amber lawyers are reaching
Sammy Blevins;I think Johnny fell asleep
Kayla Swint277;johnny depp wins case closed
She’s not a I;Johnny’s taking a nap bro
Mona Ravenscraft;JOHNNYS THE VICTIM NOT AMBER
Heidi Jane Anderson;Amber is lying omg free Johnny go away Amber
She’s not a I;Lmao Johnny just taking a nap
KD;So Johnny was just walking around being crazy? Lol , while she was in the corner scared or what? lol
KPOPedit;So are they trying to say that johnny did it
Empress;so she bounced around from penthouse to island to country fighting with Johnny
America Aldaco;Good morning everybody except for Amber FTB
CarlieeeAllen;Soooo when is it gonna be Johnny’s teams turn??? Like damnnn
We are Royal Nostros;I love how content Johnny is
Gayle Bonacorsi;@stephannotwalkin not cheering johnny but amber IS lying.
delene.arnoldi2004@gmail.com;who would ever suspect poooor sttttutttterrrring professor Amber
Lexi;Amber looking musty as always .
Lisa Corpeno;everything is Johnny not her amber just wanted everything of his that he work hard for
Rwina_jehtoch;amber is soo such a weak person
Hannah Russell;Justice for Johnny !!
Chantelle Jansen va5;justice for Johnny Depp
_xoxoB;I thought Johnny lawyer was going to deal with her this week
Angie Xiomara Vichar;her name is DUMBER no Amber
J K;Who took the pictures? Amber or the police?
zayne;Bro that’s what amber did
following back;I TURNED AROUND AND SAID "JOHNNY WHY DID U SLAPP ME????"
Nicholeelizabeth19992;Amber brought out the worst in Johnny
Heather Conner;MEGA jeez amber get it right
El.Dom3niCom3dia;johnny is playing angry birds hahahaha
croner;None of this proves Johnny did it lol
Alyza rose;Johnny needs to testify
Cheri Amour;That’s all that plays in my mind is objection hear say. TEAM JOHNNY
Blue;Said she didn’t want Johnny to get in trouble but  claims to show them these pics??
Clo’;Johnny’s like : don’t care of what you say
Destinee;Let’s say johnny does have anger issues? Are we not allowed to let it out when it piles up?
Elizabeth Richard;She wanted so bad to have a me too story, she made it all up for sympathy. Gross Amber
Bianca Duchna;a Johnny magnum megapint jar Glas
a mi que?;Amber lies Jonny said he would never hit a woman and I believe him
Saffron Webster;Can’t wait for Johnny’s lawyer to rip into her
Sports hype house!;Amber is my moms old friend and we saw her for a while and we know she did all of this
We are Royal Nostros;I love how content Johnny is
Hayley Flanagan;Eye balling Johnny there
Veronica Mrtnz;Amber quit playing with your left eye
squid;She only had proof of broken things but how does that prove Johnny abused her
ImReallyBored:(;Amber is GUILTY GUILTY GUILTY!!!!
user1232731279572;What’s the purpose of showing the property destruction. No proof that Johnny did it
Hannah;Ohhh wow I could do that too! How does that prove it was Johnny?
0001234;if Johnny really did trash the whole place, why are there odd pictures of glass!! Staged!
Heidi Jane Anderson;Amber is off her head omg
lorilei78;Johnny testified first
Elizabeth;Johnny is NOT innocent.
Solrim;Why Johnny look so sad
Swordsman;Wow we all know a kid can smash way more things how can you say johnny did that?
sarah;how is this even evidence????? it’s not proof johnny did that
Elisa;I think amber heard is hot
for fun;this is giving GONE GIRL expect Johnny name cleared
jesscollins007;Oh oh so the glass could be just from something break and falling not Johnny breaking things
Emily Aguilar;There she goes again pretending to rub her eye to look at Johnny
Elizabeth Margarita ;that this trial has no end! we know that Amber is lying....since she turns down her drama
Ricshia Bold;SHE NEEDS A PLACE TO LIVE JOHNNY YOU BETTER NOT GIVE HER THAT PENTHOUSE
dawnnnnm;is Johnny Depp paying you people ?????
Kristy Lee;she could have done those things herself. how is this proof that johnny did this.
Mariana De Dragon;tu vas a ganar Johnny
Ricshia Bold;SHE NEEDS A PLACE TO LIVE JOHNNY YOU BETTER NOT GIVE HER THAT PENTHOUSE
Baby fairy;Not that being some of JOHNNYS blood
4UTarot;more dirty carpet amber
Justice4Josh.@yessika0422;when will team Johnny cross
skylahades;I would say everything is staged by Amber
adenvan;Johnny Depp is not guilty
The Bearded Ladies;Damn housecleaning needs to be hired amber…
Melisa;Both toxic but Johnny did not hurt her that’s a difference
michaelowens9454;can we have another picture of the destruction amber has done to the apartment before the police arr
Karima Halim;I am here patiently waiting for JOHNNYS team to get to the business
Danielle Marie Louck;STICK YOUR FINGER IN FURTHER TO CUE THE TEARS AMBER!!
:(;whoever said “amber we love you” eat shit bestie
Ravelli.reloaded;Amber don’t use sharingan
Desiree;there is no proof that johnny did all that. all her pics is just all glass nothing with johnny hmmmm
Jacinto Azevedo;these pics are no proof Johnny did it. she simply broke it and took pics
Levi Varney-Pattison;she such a liar I feel sorry for Johnny Depp
Matt;too many lies now amber
Lexi;I rather have Johnny talk this this Blondie
Fabrizzio Covarrubia;JUSTICE FOR AMBER HEARD
user493003381615;Amber could of had a bottle sticking out of her head & ya’ll would still excuse it.
LauraHoneyMaker;Jennifer gray said Johnny Depp was “crazy jealous” “controlling” and “paranoid”
Jackie Swartzlander;she done this w her n friends so they can blame it on johnny
user493003381615;Amber could of had a bottle sticking out of her head & ya’ll would still excuse it.
uh.kaylee.ig;proof johnny was there?
mariah<3;LMFAOAOAO SOMEONE JUS SAID “AMBER WE LOVE YOU.” BOI WHOS WE???
Michelle Rasmussen;my dog stepped on a bee..Amber heard is lying to the Juryyy
user493003381615;Amber could of had a bottle sticking out of her head & ya’ll would still excuse it.
Acorn;How do people even support amber
Brad Lee1186;Team Johnny Depp right here
Welcome.Come.Along;That was Johnny’s wine ?
user493003381615;Amber could of had a bottle sticking out of her head & ya’ll would still excuse it.
equestrian.x.bitches;@fabrizzio1562 girl what? Justice for amber heard
Hope Emmily Tucker;wine she threw around probably at johnny
don’t care;Imagine amber heard was never heard his life would be easier
user6173731978153;Johnny a model drug addict
Scarlette Dill;We all know Johnny gonna win
Scird69;How did johnnys wine get outside of the apartment
slimelife;$jayladallasss for johnny $1
following back;if i was Jhonny id be screaming at the judgw and Amber
JBPow;Karma is coming for amber
Janeth Arredondo;Never contradice amber in work
Aiden :);Amber needs to be in prison
slimelife;$jayladallasss for johnny $1 .
jesscollins007;Cause Johnny is visible in that picture deliberately doing it …..
Gissel Galvan;Speculation that Johnny did the damage
_Misunderstood_;Idk why she still trying everyone know johnnys gonna win
yie;do you want to build a snow man? go away amber
CamD;How did Johnny fall for this trap?!?
Nuci/Eva;amber are you on your Period girly??
Susan Wadsworth;I know an Amber Heard
monbegixi;que grandes pruebas amber, muy creíbles
Kaleb McClain;Has anything compelling come out from ambers trash team yet??
Jessica Dodge4750;she a liyer . prayers to johnny
geminitwin;keep your head up Johnny
timhuber870;Hollywood  get your amber heard story  here
Raquel Casas;Omg Johnny drinks wine everyone does I’m so annoyed with her already
B@nn3d 2 times;Johnny knows she lyin
CHRIS 1017;You did that Amber c’mon now
uh.kaylee.ig;Yes johnny took time out of his day to break every picture she owns (THEY ARENT EVEN BROKEN LMAO)
jaden;Guys not only Johnny not innocent!!
Biggley Boobar;Amber is the new Karen
zuzu;BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO AMBER BOOOOOOOO
sara hartley;Johnny just doesn’t care lmao
michaelowens9454;those calling justice for amber are you blind or a narcissist
Nitascornerr;Johnny is reading this chat me thinks
Blue girl;Omg a pic in the floor you don’t say!  Go scream abuse Amber
Steven Palmer Short;johnny playing solitaire
laura Ann;When is johnnys team interviewing her ?
Brooke Dawn;When does Johnny lawyer ask her question?
annebo59;Can amber NOT pick up her own S..t
4uval;@hoaoaihuong95.bg Amber < trash
L8eybugzz;I wonder if Johnny got the Wordle today
Max Kennedy;Johnny is just a pure soul
Foryou;Johnnyyyyyyyy u hit meeee
hello;Johnny is like Come on
Lenal Lambert;johnny is trying so hard to not laugh
Scarlett Rose Lovell;That’s childish pictures amber
Jared Richards;BELIEVE ALL WOMEN. JOHNNY IS A DRUG ADDICT. #TEAMAMBER
Helen Chavez;Why do people support amber?
Lexi;she obviously staged this whole thing just to make Johnny look bad ..
SSA Rylee;johnnys writing down all the shit he wish he could say
dahlia;i wish johnny knew how much we believe him
Jared Richards;BELIEVE ALL WOMEN. JOHNNY IS A DRUG ADDICT. #TEAMAMBER
Katie;Amber probably did alllll thaaaat
Michelle;The language is unique Amber.
Ashley Mills-Granzow;Pictures don’t prove Johnny did any of this. She could have done all of this
Editsarethewaytobe;Jonny depp should win
Sherrie;So she means to say in all the videos she made of Johnny, not one of them shows him hitting her?
user8779147223039;amber can sukc a fat one
Christina;johnny is calmly drawing another masterpiece picture
TheBasicBiker;All these photos were taken to "protect Johnny Depp" ahaha
lowridinin64;I threw that on the floor...I mean Johnny
broadface_mikayla;Look at Johnny attorney he know she lying lmao
mia;HOW IS JOHNNY A MONSTER?
Justice for Johnny Depp;We love you Johnny. you are not alone in this. #Justiceforjohnnydepp
en;the bigest problem is amber a verry bad actress
Multi.fandom.15;Their is no prove that Johnny did it
Breanne Priscilla Kiter;All pictures but no video footage? Amber you’re a joke
abbie not aby;EVERYTHING IS SO STAGED LMAO AMBER
Jasmin Gomez;damnn johnny must of looked like  tazmain devil doing all this damages at once lol hahahaha
theidotix;Justice for johny Depp
Leanna Roopsingh;Johnny not the bananas!
Sophie;@tosher23 lol not true, women have lied about this shit. Not saying Amber is but
Kenneth Dickey969;Johnny got high score on candy crush during his trial..lol
Teresa Hill;Amber is dramatic.. the pictures look stacked like he was trying to kicked her out!!!!
A pov creator from flop era;Amber can make such good staged photos she can be a faker instead ……oops she already is
Marissa Simone;why dont depps lawyers object as much as ambers did when he was cross examined
Alex Brown;DAMNET AMBER PRODUCE PRICES ARE EXPENSIVE
Kim B;Prove you didn’t stage all this amber
AnythingASMR;HOW COULD JOHNNY MARRIED SOMEONE LIKE HER IN THE FIRST PLACE???
Savanah828;Where’s judge Judy when you need her #justiceforjohnnydepp
Kaylyn Boothe;right can we go back to the fact that johnny hasn’t proven to be there at this time
SZ Ahmed;No proof Johnny knocked anything
Wilma Smith;she has set Johnny up defo
Matt;you stand with amber? def stand alone by
Jared Richards;BELIEVE ALL WOMEN. JOHNNY IS A DRUG ADDICT. #TEAMAMBER
ConservativeKat;She said it was knocked off when Johnny left
Fatimah;Ambers addiction of throwing stuff and taking pics of it
SZ Ahmed;No proof Johnny knocked anything
Dawn Cramer820;So where are pictures of Johnny actually in penthous
Leah Quay;“He smashed things!!!” (Meanwhile Johnny - throws fruit bowl onto floor)
Sonia;Amber wants the jury to feel sorry for her!!!! I Don’t Think Soooo!!!
Gray;So Johnny likes to knock shit over when angry. What does that prove?
SZ Ahmed;No proof Johnny knocked anything
lo Tafa;Can someone tell me when Johnny is on.
Insomnyak;the bee stepped on ambers eye
Silvia De Chavez;Ya quiero que los abogados Johnny le hagan las preguntas va a ser una masacre
Ashton Mcclendon496;I think amber has a thing with carpets
Sidra Bashir;my kids make a bigger mess than Johnny!
Dani;Johnny needs to go to jail.... those poor potatoes
ry guy;Amber notices a lot of objects on the fooor
Hamood Habibi;My dog stepped on a bee, I screenshitted ambers feet
Seven UP Club;Johnny in there watching TikToks
Nick Sloan hi leave me alone;amber always high lmao
Kurisu;Soooo Johnny wasn’t there & it was knocked over?
RizingShadow;I am sending likes for Johnny
beautybyashleek;Anyone know when johnnys lawyers get to question her???????????????
Lasse Meo Schiefer;Johny Johny Depp lala
MF;A messy house from Amber tantrum
Jossy Vargas871;Okay imagine what Johnny went through with this woman
user4222878940765;Johnny DV and blackouts. Team Amber so far
PR Mami;Amber Heard is clearly lying
nannymack;few things knocked over or smashed nit really a major crime scene grow up Amber
Amie Bailey;if Johnny was in rage he would have destroyed the pictures not leave it perfectly placed on bed ,flo
Your moms favorite child;Someone said they stand for amber
user5764612425043;She remembers this cause she staged this ! Johnny plz stay away !
Ciarra;What if she was the one who did it not Johnny ????
Fi;Do you guys think Amber or Johnny will win? Team Johnny
ykmbzac._;IM CONFUSED IS JOHNNY HITTING HER OR OBJECTS IN HIS OWNED HOUSE
Kaysee Ellis;Believe all women except Amber heard and other flat out liars
Jessica;Why don’t y’all let Johnny talk it’s always her lying self she probably did all that to blame him.
gibby;JOHNNY DEPP FOR THE WIN
MaysAllure;When Johnny left?? That means he didn’t do it lol
Juju :);Yes but Jonny don’t touch Amber just the mobilar
Yonhara Faedo;Correction johnnys office everything Johnny owned in that house
Robin Benz;Team Johnny, 12 points
Dento098;It’s not like Amber cleans house
ykmbzac._;IM CONFUSED IS JOHNNY HITTING HER OR OBJECTS IN HIS OWNED HOUSE
KillingTime;so pretty much Amber could patronise and hit him but he was not allowed to show emotions.  whole cas
ykmbzac._;IM CONFUSED IS JOHNNY HITTING HER OR OBJECTS IN HIS OWNED HOUSE
kayla;WHEN WILL JOHNNY BE QUESTIONED??????
Gucci Boyzzzzz;Lets go johnny lets go
MARIA SILVANA LOPEZ ;Puras mentiras dice Amber heard
Cuussn;AMBER HEART IS SUSSSSS
Lûna278;amber routine: wake up, eat breakfast, take a sh*t, get out if bed
ykmbzac._;IM CONFUSED IS JOHNNY HITTING HER OR OBJECTS IN HIS OWNED HOUSE
Taurustude8;how did that carpet get so dirty for real Amber
plugsway;Get the story right please make it believable because when Johnny gets up there is over
nimmiy11;TEAM AMBER GOOD SCRIPT
Silvia ugoeze;I feel sorry for Johnny
Manu Silva;no an voice prove of johnny hitting her
Boann;I’m blaming Johnny if I drop anything from now on
Ashley Moss;Everyone team amber needs to leaveeee
Gucci Boyzzzzz;Lets go johnny lets go
Rawr.magische.dinoland;Amber is such a backstaber
ykmbzac._;IM CONFUSED IS JOHNNY HITTING HER OR OBJECTS IN HIS OWNED HOUSE
LauraHoneyMaker;Jennifer gray said Johnny Depp was “crazy jealous” “controlling” and “paranoid”
Miss quirky;where is the proof Johnny did it????
B;Clean after yourself amber
Jackie Schrader;None of this is actually TO her like Johnny’s finger and the bruises
Kurisu;Notice there’s literally no videos or pictures of JOHNNY doing any of these things lmao
marissa3585;How about clean up after yourself amber?
Adegbola Victoria;So…he threw everything on a spot????Amber stop lying
daniellamiles170;Johnny abused himself and that gave her gateway to abuse and manipulate him
boy;what did Jonny depp do to go into court
Octavia Kious;curious johnny has this huge pent house wonder if he has hidden security cameras
marioc352;AMBER AMBER WIN AMBER AMBER WIN
Alejandra Sanchez;I can’t wait for Johnny’s team to go
Hemma;for someone that was trying to protect johnny she took alot pictures
Unknown;She said this was a picture of the fruit bowl that was knocked down when Johnny left
spookyshanny;Johnny Johnny yes papa eating sugar no papa telling lies no papa open wide ahahah
uh.kaylee.ig;these are so staged poor johnny
Pari;Johnny done many movies you did AQUAMAN???
Angeline Renee Perki;Are they going to provide any proof at all the Johnny is actually responsible for this damage?
appleuser96662479;Amber is craz, anyone that’s knows her should be scared.
Chevyhasmyheart;I think it’s funny she tried to ruin Johnny and instead she ruined herself lmao. Karma is a
Brie Byther;I wannanknow what johnny is drawing today
sarahsquirrels40;Was her Johnny depp poster in her keepsake box
sky;i feel so bad for Johnny
Miss quirky;wheres the proof??? poor Johnny.
Julie stratigos;Hope Johnny wins this
Talcum vaya;Johnny is making another masterpiece.
user1014572348579;Wait for the cops to leave then mess it up and take pics, blame Johnny and say police are blind
Taylor Baldwin;we love you johnny!!!!!
Crysta Williams;Believe all woman but AMBER
Anna;@jashincea johnny will be free!
michellelory358;yes amber lie some more!
xakery;no to whoever thinks amber is the good one
Crysta Williams;Believe all woman but AMBER
Dani Bickford;Why didn’t they question Johnny about these photos
ur mum;TEAM JOHNNY LESSSGOOOOO
sammi sturgeon;johnny don’t gaf at all, he knows he gonna win lol
Crysta Williams;Believe all woman but AMBER
Banned at 8.5k;Johnny drawing the graffiti S
Jackie;Looking a lot like Amber set all these pics up
that gemini ginger;Johnnys team is so classy and well put together
broadface_mikayla;Johnny sleeping while she lying
Patty†;HAHAH SO STAGED LMAO GO TO HELLL AMBER
Cara Turner;@kristafromthenorth but thankfully it’s using up defendants time, less time for them to call Johnny
Crysta Williams;Believe all woman but AMBER
mr.somebody28;johnny we are here for u
Lynn Williams518;She isn’t a victim only Johnny is!!
emma;Team Johnny of course
Ali;I wanna know what Johnny is writing
Marina Miranda;@nosferaltu0 nothing amber staged it all
user318160012;Team Johnny, end this already
CHRISBREEZY;JOHNNY GO JOHNNY JOHNNY WILL WIN
Amber Johnson;Wonder if Johnny is drawing another picture.....
Crysta Williams;Believe all woman but AMBER
Peggy James;No worries, Johnnys team will straighten it all out
ivanabrown77;How can she proof that it was Johnny who broke all the stuff…
Mi’chel Rose;Praying for Depp, hope he wins finds true loves and heals from this
Juliza_Lemus;Amber : let me knock this over and say he threw this at me and take a picture
Crysta Williams;Believe all woman but AMBER
YaYa;is this a ploy to drag out time so that she doesnt get questioned today by johnnys lawyers!
JJ;Johnny’s team unbothered
Viuda_Negra;That Johnny is so aggressive placing pictures on the floor
land.of.axolotls;Anyone saying team amber are just wrong!!!
diannelyncormier;I see nothing proving Johnny did any of that. it all looks so staged.
Lt. Aldo Raine;justice for johnny l!!!!!!!
Dento098;My heart goes out to Johnny
Crysta Williams;Believe all woman but AMBER
damdragon13;terrible acting amber
kathelewis1;Let Johnny go. She is a nut case. No proof he did any of this. She dumped that stuff and broke glass
Kelly Letitia;None of Johnnys exs reported him as ever being abusive.
Crysta Williams;Believe all woman but AMBER
user324365789;so where’s the evidence Johnny did this?
Lynn Williams518;If you believe Amber then you’re definitely the little boy who called wolf
Jus._.taquee.-.rbixch2719*;Imma owe Johnny money
Hellowhatsupwhatdahell;you heard johnny punch that picture?
quadshotindicaaa;The real question is what happened before this “scene” she probably once again provoked Johnny
Yonhara Faedo;If Johnny really hit you, you would’ve had a video of him actually hitting you or something
Hope Emmily Tucker;no proof of cut hand of johnny
warhead_anti_tank;justice x Johnny, AMBER WITCH
Cynthia Bolich;I wonder if Johnny has cameras in his home to show all of this because she is full of lies
Crysta Williams;Believe all woman but AMBER
RoninXavier;So what she’s trying to show is that Johnny went from room to room knocking random things over? Ok..
Kurisu;Amber, where’s any pictures or videos of Johnny doing these things?? Oh wait there is none lol
Zachary;AMBER I CANNOT STAND YOUR LIES
Rachyn;HAHAHAHA NICE ACTING AMBER.
Alex Mtv;Yeah, Amber heard :)))
MONGREL MOB CENTRAL ;She heard it Amber heard it hahaha
Grom_Go_skrrrrt69;snort another bump amber
Ripper’sHeart;I believe that Johnny did "reactive abuse". In which someone abuses you until you explode
Jessica Charlene Beaumont;love Johnny from Canada
slimelife;$jayladallasss for johnny $1
......;justice for Johnny Depp
Damselflies;Amber looking like Yzma today
hgcfgioojv;What’s in your eye Amber?
Stephanie Vergara;this is literally a joke! we all know she is lying #teamjohnnydepp
Jennifer Thomas;Amber please leave your eye alone. It’s annoying
.;I dont blame johnny for doodling. This aint no proof.
slimelife;$jayladallasss for johnny $1
Sidar Cetin;why aint johnny says anything
user9180989113241;Johnnys team best come for her
.;I heard amber hit johhny now were both fair
Ella;My dog stepped on a bee. Johnny punched a picture.
welivewelearn;only Annalise Keating can save Amber
Jared Richards;BELIEVE ALL WOMEN. JOHNNY IS A DRUG ADDICT. #TEAMAMBER
Carlos;Lots of love and light to Johnny
Elizabeth Alexande25;why never evidence who did this plenty photos after Johnny has left
Hayley Bruce;He could of head butted it amber but nahhh he punched it you heard it lmaooo
kophaill;Seems like Johnny “enjoys abusing photo frames” huh
Sebastian Escribano;I don’t like the way she says Johnny
Aqib_0460;"johny punch it?i heard it"-amber Heard
Cowboy;johnny punched it and yet its not shattered or cracked at all
Chlo Howell;Whens johnnys team questioning her???
user393543;this shows alot. pictures of her friends...friends living of johnny..where is pictures of her&jd
…;Amber heard the punch lmao
cacaflore;WHAT HAPPEND WHEN AMBER MENTIONED KATE MOSS?DID SHE CAME IN COURT??
slimelife;$jayladallasss for johnny $1
Sadie Potvin;Someone said team Amber… U KNOW U WRONG FOR THIS
cazneville978;she hearded Johnny all the way and left her heard mark everywhere
jameshoose799;Johnny did not punch that if he did it would have been much bigger who know maybe the bee did it
cacaflore;WHAT HAPPEND WHEN AMBER MENTIONED KATE MOSS?DID SHE CAME IN COURT??
audrianna irving;its empty tho you put it there amber
cecydiaz;#justiceForjohnnyDepp
Zachary;Johnny cannot be bothered on what’s happening in court.
FrankthenotsoTank;Who just said Team Amber??!
Eloquent Strength Po;why is Amber being so gaslighted?
albanianXG;I SAID JOHNNY YOU HIT ME!!
DRC;This has been 40% same or pointless pics and 60% amber touching her eye lol
Tyra;johnny looks like he’s drawing again
Sebastian Hernandez ;Solo para decir que apoyo a johnny deep y vendo tamales
Manoli de Santllu;todo es un montaje echo por ti Amber
Kadence;Take Johnny to jail?? What??? Amber is lying
ANGELA<3;wait how johny destroy all of that? Or just amber want a house tour?
SharonL;Amber trashed the place and took pics!!!!!!!!!!!
crystalbeam22;sidenote Johnny has a candy jar
Kat_2413;Can she hear my punches or just johnnys?
......;JOHNNY DEPP IS INNOCENT
cacaflore;WHAT HAPPEND WHEN AMBER MENTIONED KATE MOSS?DID SHE CAME IN COURT??
audrianna irving;amber put the bottle there
Noahkrs;Imagine depp called guilty
Suzanne Seiberth;standing with you Johnny
Ilmo;Do you all really think Johnny didnt do anything?
Asonja V;She keeps wiping her eye so she can keep looking at Johnny without being noticed.
BoyChar;What did Johnny ever see in her
Natalie Toal;johnny will celebrate winning with a mega pint
sa_moonchild;Johnny has a candy dish!!
annoream;Johnny lookin handsome as ever
slimelife;$jayladallasss for johnny $1 ..
Bella;When amber goes to jail who will mind ambers baby
@yamahaR1;Amber broke that stuff
G R;It’s johnnys apartment though
anotherraquel;Believe all women except Amber Heard!
Kan vi nå 2500 likes;Johnny deept is the beast
Kaysee Ellis;DID YOU SEE JOHNNY DO THIS
Lupita;The bottle de vino lo tiro amber cuando se lo acabo
Rustiikki Ruksi;Johnny yawned secretly...
Alissa Sweeten;When does Johnny get to testify! She is driving me crazy!
Sony DaProblem;wow Johnny you are a spiller huh
ItzChlo;Justice for Johnny!!!!!
Chris Tomes;i feel so bad for johnny
Amanda Mathis;HOW CAN THEY PROVE IT WAS JOHNNY THAT DID WHAT WAS DONE IN PHOTOS. HES NOT IN ANY OF THEM....
jfjsksn;idc Amber should be in a jail
user5141652164895;what does your dog and your “plasticky” carpet have to do with johnny
Aleihs Nirel;not johnny for sure she done all this mess on the floor
Veronica Mrtnz;Amber next time use flash
user8933267574410;Wait. I thought Johnny was this already? Now what are we doing?
mjwerlein;even Amber looks bored
undefined;If only she had a video or picture of johnny doing all this
Tessia King;When is Johnny gonna get to talk
Katie;She keeps looking at Johnny
lil;bruh she keeps looking at johnny
Kim RoMo;JUSTICE FOR JOHNNY DEPP
Cass;Oops dont smile amber
Kurisu;All of these pictures show absolutely nothing other than placed objects. Not once is Johnny seen
Torsie;TEAM JOHNNY WHEN HIS LAYER TURN ???????
minihulklogan;As if Johnny would waste wine,.. he needs it for his MEGA PINT
RizingShadow;I need a mega pint dealing with amber
user440391896018;Its NOT Johnny, respect and say Mr Depp
Kim RoMo;JUSTICE FOR JOHNNY DEPP
aeonsandra;U d better show the picture of Amber’s shit
Sarah J;Johnny would never do these things she’s just upset because Johnny divorced her
kuratel;Johnny VIEL KRAFT FÜR DICH, KÄMPF WEITER !!!
Kim RoMo;JUSTICE FOR JOHNNY DEPP
SharonL;It’s Johnny’s blood!!!
ui;amber peed on the floor
Josi Steffenhagen;Oh no johnny split wine on the floor !
Dacia;Why isn’t Johnny in any of the photos while he doing these things ?
Rustiikki Ruksi;Does Johnny have any pictures...?
brensuee;All these pics. but Johnny not seen doing any of this
Beebs Marie;The pictures look so staged, get real  amber
tammy;team johnny all the way.
Kim RoMo;JUSTICE FOR JOHNNY DEPP
Nadia;la fausse victime amber
avery;looking lethargic amber
Kurisu;Just pictures of props no proof of Johnny doing anything
SSA Rylee;stop looking at johnny
Milka Paredes;parece todo arreglado la foto de amber
Cuzimklein;#freeamber johnny depp spilled juice omg!!
lindasvensson956;No pictures Johnny is in? Is that proof then ???
Well FARE;Johnny yelling with his hands full.. lol
Elizabeth Purdy938;Johnny didn’t like that wine!
Reanamater;Even if Johnny hit her idc at this point. A lot of women would love to be thrown around by him
michaelowens9454;whoops Johnny spilt his mega pint
:(;TEAM JOHNNY ALL THE WAY BABYYY
Abby young;Notice all she’s says is Johnny did it
St1nd4b1nz;love to see Oops, I Did It Again cold opening on SNL featuring Janet, Will, and Amber
Megan :);JUSTICE FOR JOHNNY DEPP
Jasmine n Ala-dam;Justice for Johnny!!!
Jasmine n Ala-dam;Justice for Johnny!!!
Megan :);JUSTICE FOR JOHNNY DEPP
elbalcon_delas_sucus;Not a single video of Johnny doing this?
getfreshautodetailing;amber step on   Me  haha
Elizabeth Richard;She thinks she did something there? Why the smirk? Is it funny Amber?
Jasmine n Ala-dam;Justice for Johnny!!!
lo Tafa;What sort of bottle is it, is that Johnny favourite,what colour are his curtains. How’s his dogs
It’s me;Y’all make any excuse it’s okay to admit Johnny wasn’ta saint without siding with her
BC4HONEY;Johnny Depp for the Breaking Bad sequal
Lenal Lambert;whats the pink stuff in bottle amber
Brandon Rodriguez;Johnny spilled his mega pint of wine.
Jackie Schrader;Damn it Johnny , why you spilling wine
cinny1132;Johnny would never spill is mega pint of wine LIAR!!!
Jasmine n Ala-dam;Justice for Johnny!!!
vicknelson;Get Johnny lawyers on watch the real tears appear
Joanna Rhoades;Amber heard: “ I poured it there.”
RitaS.;Get out of hereeeee amberrrrr
Paula;AMBER IS SO BAD IN LYing
greeneyedchonk;Johnny spilled? Her insta is full of her wine stains. No respect for property of others.
Jasmine n Ala-dam;Justice for Johnny!!!
_jordymladikos;no one wants your tissues Amber
yes;no proof of johnny doing any of this
Jasmine n Ala-dam;Justice for Johnny!!!
major27;johnny depp all the way
Nicks;No one wants your tissue amber
Bella;Okay I hate amber but she is actually gorgg
user5141652164895;she could’ve knocked this stuff over and blamed it on johnny
Rae;I SWEAR TO CHEETO LORDS SAY TEAM AMBER AGAIN AND ILL SCREAM
Heather;Oh that’s right you don’t need them Amber
Frankie B;Amber don’t need em lol
mroman81;Amber like here I got you lol
edditss;And I Said Johnny you Hit me you just Hit me
Ducky;What about Jonny’s finger she cut off Amber is Pycho
lunawolf;no one wants your tissues amber!
Jasmine n Ala-dam;Justice for Johnny!!!
Meg Y;Amber has some tissue
Fi Dalton;Shove your tissues amber
TheBasicBiker;So the Jury member is crying, but not Amber....
user1611983056238;Guys Amber Is beautiful gaddamn
jimmyNdebra;No one wants your tissue amber
Jasmine n Ala-dam;Justice for Johnny!!!
djny424;OBJECTION amber needs tissue
Nicks;No one wants your tissue amber
Greebo;we all see right through you amber
Angie;She’s trying so hard to not look at Johnny.  Can’t stand her
Jasmine n Ala-dam;Justice for Johnny!!!
Mangofever4;He paid for a roof over your head and u repay him by dumping on his bed Amber?
Heather;What’s in your bottle Amber
SirRocko90;I LOVE JOHNNY AND IM NOT GAY
Jasmine n Ala-dam;Justice for Johnny!!!
Nicks;No one wants your tissue amber
Maria Suh;I think Johnny would definitely pay her some money there’s no way that they gonna pass by this
Veronica Mrtnz;Why didn’t she take videos or photos of Johnny destroying her penthouse?
Tonya Marie Allred;Justice for Johnny depp
Alexis Rodriguez;She aimed the box at Johnny bruh
mattieice21;just use the sheets like Amber
Michelle;Even Amber sounds over the damn wine pics
Ramazan;Johny depp for the win
Random_thingzzz;HAHAHA AMBER LOOSEEEEEEE JONNY WINN!!
Wanda;Amber please give me a tissue
yessicadelrey;Why is Amber so obsessed with wine pics /topics? Wine evidence. The cheap wine she liked etc
Hey breyð hehe;MAYBE she has a cute smile BUT Johnny’s is cuter
Me_n_u_n_yourfriendsteve;i was walking outa the bedroom and i turned to look at him and i said "Johnny you h!t me!!"
kristencecil;I can’t take amber seriously
Ellie;MY MEGA PINT AMBER DAMN IT YOU SPILLED IT
..;When does johnnys team get to question her
Kassandra Davies-Bow;Don’t give them amber’s tissue!! It’s got coke in it!!
RxKat;JURY FURIOUS JOHNNYS VIOLENCE
Vickie;one juror is crying not good for Johnny
Big_Bird1112;where’s the video of Johnny destroying
Greg Barrett;who cares spilled wine obviously Johnny never put hands on her
Vivian Gomigo;Sooooo all is showing Amber doesn’t clean her house l…. Or the house keeper hasn’t cleaned the house
user7268184420009;When will Johnny’s lawyers ask her questions?
Green goddess Keira;This trial was the dumbest thing Johnny could do. He looks even worse than when he started
m_deseree;JOHNNY IS RIGHT HANDED, ALL HER INJURIES ARE ON THE LEFT.
Paige;johnny probably noticed the juror needed a tissue
Omar Perez;Who ever said amber is bad u down bad my guy
María Lucía Essi;Esa foto tiene el mismo piso de la casa actual de Amber
Brea;@gia.122033777 johnnys lawyer did
Pedro Rodriguez;It’s spilled wine from Johnny’s mega pint lol
Jetti Romero;Johnny justicia para ti
Adana Mo;#justiceforjohnnydepp
Colin;So Johnny left, and she trashed the house and took pictures
Cynthia;anyone things Johnny is going to win that bread he is suing her for?
FrankthenotsoTank;They wouldn’t let Amber throw the box over to them in case she had good aim and pegged one of them !
Nadia Leigh;Amber the bottom feeder
CHAZZER;Amber heard what you doing in my fridge stop doing that and get out, get out do not do that again
Juli;Yes the same officer said that amber was rude and uncooperative yes that officer
Olivia mae;If she got a jury to cry she is convincing them now im scared johnny could lose
user277952372646;todo mi apoyo a Jonny Depp sa
Kariny;who supports Johnny, write his name on the live
Nataly RS;justicia para Johnny deep
Jetti Romero;COLOMBIA TE APOYA JOHNNY, EL MUNDO SABE DE TU INOCENCIA
OldskoolMillennialMaMa;Wait how is ambers lawyer making the judge’s decision???
Peacefulliving8;Ambers lawyer is aggravating AF
user3598969929176;Only ambers and her witness when they speak they speak directly and look at the jurors lol
user4390161281599;give the dog to Johnny
LadyOnAutoPirate;LIE DETECTION TEST FOR AMBER ASAP
Ashley Emery;I see free Johnny,..what are we freeing him from?
adama bangura;who The f said justice for amber
Eoin;Amber <<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
Yhomira Cajusol Sulc;desde Perú apoyando a Johnny Depp
Ellie;i love how ambers lawyers act like babies whenever they get a “hearsay” from the other team
Leston;Johnny juss fup a lil not all bad may the judge b most lenient and fair
christinekraychy;Make it up as you go dear Amber
Myaaa;oh but y’all was hearsay tf outta johnny
Sachi Hernandez;johnny depp is single
Theresa May;remember your lines amber
Peacefulliving8;The truth is hard for Amber
Bella;JUST A WARNING DONT LIE AMBER
nogreaterlove53;Tell a good lie now Amber
y_u__t.aaaaa;why she complain johnny does drugs. like you do the same stuff as him
LittleCupCake;“MY DOG STEPPED ON A BEE” IF U DONT KNOW ME IM THAT BEE, AMBERS
Michael Jackson <333;JUSTICE FOR JOHNNY DEPP
OldskoolMillennialMaMa;Wait how is ambers lawyer making the judge’s decision???
EllyceJohnson_420;Okay but like Johnny > anyone else
.;Come on amber gget your lies straight
Kill me;ALSO, The age difference between them is 22 years. AMBERS TRYING TO GET HIM FOR HIS MONEY
OldskoolMillennialMaMa;Wait how is ambers lawyer making the judge’s decision???
Spookyhoee;Looks like amber is having a hard time remembering the “story”
Remi BB;#JusticeforAmberHeard
Mama_tycoon;She’s like the new Miley Cyrus. Miley grew up. Amber did not.
Brea;Ambers lawyer is speaking to her, Johnny’s lawyer is one that keeps objecting
Bruh what follow me;Bro amber just give up you can’t even tell a story straight
Capiz;Amber was flabbergasted
Starlette Sky Alforque;woooooow her team can object to EVERYTHING but the second johnnys team objects they got an issue
Marina Miranda;i wished that johnny pressed charges so she can go to jail
Jane;Trailer trash before sponging off Depp
Bethany Bausum;They’re trying to insinuate Johnny paid the cops off.
ElChispas1988;Depp saved himself from a gone girl type movie
LOVE U ALL;stop saying my name amber
Wanda;Well Amber .. They just took your box off  tissue,
Lady Lisa;She was using Johnny so much!!!!!
Jay Danceman;Where was Johnny during this time??
user9659506594266;She had hep from her frens to set up Johnny
lindaolvillal8;Justicia para Johnny Deep
......;SSS STUTTERING AMBER LIAR
David Karow;who showed you how to talk and act ( amber ) " Joe Biden showed me everything"
Kristinejirgensone00;I turned to look at him and i said Johnny u hit me
Michelle Ortiz715;bro johnny is so done
God Heals The Broken;Johnny making her Nervous
calm_ur_tatas;What is Johnny writing????
Elizabeth Richard;Sound like all your freeloading family and friends hate Johnny too, huh Amber? I wonder why?
rocthemic1;So if Johnny did all this and the police was called why didn’t they take him in?
user1014572348579;#justiceforjohnnydepp
devin4813;Johnny straight chillen
Mangofever4;Johnny gimme a smile pls
user4152900657221;I LOVE JOHNNY DEPPPPPPPPP
user5141652164895;is johnny able to talk in this court
user284835159691;DID JOHNNY FALL ASLEEP
user1612563067420;Johnny drawing more pics for the fridge
Westerosian;I love how Johnny refuses to look at her
souraccoonjuice;Btw Jonny is sueing amber for defamation of character so amber has too lose
Julie vels;We aren’t watching some  renovation show amber
Dominic;Johnny straight chilling
Paz Belen Sanchez Mo;johnny te amo yo te apoyi
Kurisu;All the penthouses Johnny let your friends live in rent free?
Starlette Sky Alforque;ambers lawyers still speaking and complaining and rambling after getting objected ONce!!!
user1227710433948;bro let me be Johnny depps Lawyer bro cases is closed now
LOVE U ALL;when will amber go to jail already
DG Mitchell;Amber looks like a LIAH.
user5141652164895;is johnny able to speak
Mr.joestar;I’m from the future and Johnny wins
michaelowens9454;My friend Rach could do with Johnnys against her ex girlfriend
me;Johnny drawing again?
ShaunsIn11;Listen everybody Johnny want drop did not not do nothing his girl friend was being bitch because
Kill me;Johnny looks so bored
karizamarronclyma1;Johnny’s highlights look good!
Kariny;who supports Johnny, write his name on the live!
user3089181419149;Amber has to write notes for all thous lies
Yourmom420;Amber looks like she’s high
Danni<3;Johnny is so confused rn
Tanecia Monique;Johnny is so over this lol
nay;no one belive you amber
Remi BB;#JusticeforAmberHeard
Katie Land;The confusion on johnnys face
Sheldon;When when Johnny speaks he gets an objection after five seconds
RitaS.;#stutterrrflyyyy byebyeee amberrrr
Tina;snort some more amber
Aleihs Nirel;u did a trouble of johnny already cmon
Marina Miranda;the officers said johnny wasn’t there
Nadine/spam;Didn’t want him in trouble is that the best you got amber
Random posts:p;Johnny depp is so confused
LittleCupCake;“My dog stepped on a bee” IF U DONT KNOW ME IM THAT BEE, AMBER HEARDS DOG STEPPED ON ME
ShaunsIn11;Johnny told her he did not want to be with her
Megan Fisher;I feel like Johnny is playing tik tak toe
syn;thanks for ur service amber
henrycleon25;jajajajajajaja Amber is a clown
ZALLOW;I wonder what Johnny is thinking
Dokyu;Johnny GOD Amber zzzzzzzz
Veronica Mrtnz;I don’t want to get Johnny in trouble, I’m just going to call the police
shinichi kudo;stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, AMBER!!! STOP!!!
slimelife;she didn’t want them to arrest johnny but called the police ?
LittleCupCake;“My dog stepped on a bee” IF U DONT KNOW ME IM THAT BEE, AMBER HEARDS DOG STEPPED ON ME
Red master;Johnny cena and amber herd
Queenly_sarah;LEAVE THE COUCH ALONE AMBER
user8123580943173;I wish we could see Johnny too
Saint Pearce-Tripp;footage of johnny leaving after the incident?
Denisse Lopez;Where is Johnny at this point
Stephen Michael;Amber reminds me of that gal from the bachelor on claytons season,
Nengi;Rest Amber rest in Jesus name
George Youssef;Smash or pass on amber guy’s?
chef_lloyd_ardee;Didn’t want to get Johnny in Trouble but i Filmed EVERYTHING , yah OK AMBERRR
Monique Maldonado;Why she look towards Johnny for help with her story
[Mæli];Amber: udhdhfdbbdjskjxjdjskjfkdkdkgjjd
Maryori;justice for Jonny Depp
Emily&Ashton;Amber heard and Biden need to collab maybe together they can make a bit of since.
CrunchyBoa;Justice for Johnny!!!!
Kata Trujillo;I believed that the devil is sitting taking note to learn to lie like Amber
chef_lloyd_ardee;Didn’t want to get Johnny in Trouble but i Filmed EVERYTHING , yah OK AMBERRR
User7777;AMBER SHOULD NOT BE HEARD
chef_lloyd_ardee;Didn’t want to get Johnny in Trouble but i Filmed EVERYTHING , yah OK AMBERRR
Yourmom420;So when does Johnny get his turn to speak?
chef_lloyd_ardee;Didn’t want to get Johnny in Trouble but i Filmed EVERYTHING , yah OK AMBERRR
Kristan Leigh Youngb;Johnny wins no matter what
Destined Artist;I’m sure Johnny is just like “this woman lol”
Ems;JONNY DEPP FIR THE WINNNN
chef_lloyd_ardee;Didn’t want to get Johnny in Trouble but i Filmed EVERYTHING , yah OK AMBERRR
christinekraychy;You are RAMBLING dear Amber
WHATdidUsayDEAR;She called Johnny Deb‘s kids little weirdos
PacMalo;amber= sheeeeeeeeeeesh
Mirian Alfaro654;justice for Johnny Depp !!!!
tommas100;team amber JOKES NEVER, JONNY ALWAYS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Aurela;JOHNNY DOU JUST HIT ME
Merche Mateos G;para lo que entiendo... que me pongan la cámara deJohnny, por lo menos alegro la vista
vidaldoyle;Johnny don’t let her shit on ur bed bro
jennifer;That’s why they were there!! They knew it was Johnny
sandradiaz1760;apoyo total a Johnny Depp, Amber no tiene idea realmente  recibir maltrato físico emocional y mental
YOUR GUARDIAN ANG822;let put amber in jail
Elizabeth Mace;Pleas say Johnny is not going to jail
anishaamin;Just end this already we all know that Johnny is going to win and is telling the truth
Fglm009;justice for Johnny!!!
demi;He slapped me across the face,I turned to look at him,I said Johnny you hit me,you just hit me.
Smokie;johnny jus drawing lol
Ems;JUSTIC FOR JONNY DEPP
......;justice for Johnny Depp
user2149989913494;justice for Johnny Depp
Kaydence Bebee;Bruh amber stop trying honestly
Kc;Johnny playing games on his phone at this point
Night Garden;no way....if they took Johnny when would she beat him
Geovanny;#TEAMAMBER #TEAMAMBER
Dileevia;loving Amber is like loving shaitan
Abel Cruz;Hey my boy johnny deep
Logan Smith;johnny reading the comments
Aleks;Boooooooo amber heard
Evie Grace8387;#JOHNNYDEPP #JOHNNYDEPOFORTHEWIN!!!!
VALENTINA;johnny depp i love you
Hi.;there is our johnnyyyy
Kat;My dog stepped on one of ambers lies
hello;my dog stepped on a bee and I gtg shit in Amber heards  moth
Adi<3;everything is in favor of Jonny if Amber wins it will be seen that there was a bribe
Dayton Jukes;If judge judy was doing this case it would have been over in 15 minutes and amber would be jailed
natalie_link;how long until the johnnys team asks questions
http.lemon.tea;Johnny’s looking so much better
Rustiikki Ruksi;Johnnys team watching toons.
Yourmom420;Amber better lose I swear, there’s so much evidence that she’s lying
DaddyDonny;@me_me1322 the bees are counter suing for wrongful death. They claim Amber Murdered on their workers
Chaotic_Jaden;Amber is full of damn lies how could y’all be on her side cuz she a girl?
lilly;# freedomforjhonnydepp
Hanna Bartholine Lev;Blue Heart for Johnny
iamwhoiam;Johnny slay as always
drcrypto101;amber is my kinda woman
Jamie Miller;That they boy from the staircase doc sitting next to Depp?
Tik Toker;Amber should just give up
_raffaellamarino_;ueee Amber  ripiglt nu poc
Kat;Johnny and the dog are innocent
kev;looking a lil red LiAmber
Darlene Denend;johnny has applesauce lol
Kurisu;You know she’s fuming that the world knows she shit on Johnny’s bed
Jules;can Johnnys lawyers ask questions now
lunawolf;look at amber trying to look depressed lol
Katiuscia;Johnnyyyyyyyyyyyyyy babyyyyyyyyyy
Evie Grace8387;I walked out of the bedroom slapped me across the face I turn a look at him, I said Johnny you hit-
user5923137164380;amber and Meghan Markle are the same
MRj679;LAMBER LEARD < WONNY WEPP
c;Imagine Johnny turned out to be guilty
Susan Martinez;Whole different demeanor today from Amber
Jeffrey Hensley;She cannot prove Johnny did any of them damages
Melissa Kaye Jackson;He hit me and i turned and said Johnny you just hit me
Geovanny;Amber has a nice roast beef
user7443141920639;Johnny is not guilt ee
pokégamer;johnnyyyyyyyyy, come on you can do it
MP;Amber is a big liar opportunist that needs to be exposed and held accountable for her actions
alicedoyle579;Sooo has she been questioned by johnnys lawyers yet?
Ricshia Bold;I DIDNT EVEN KNOW HER UNTIL JOHNNY CASE.
J420 <3;How does amber look???
MoonFaerie;WE SHOULD ALL CHANGE PROFILE PIC TO JOHNNY DEPP
um?;JUSTICE FOR JOHNNY AND THE BEE!!!
timeriksoo;#teamamber, men are born into misogyny
Neko @ EternalDistinction;Check out my MEGA PINT Custom Tee @eternaldistinction  - dropping an Amber Heard tee todayyyyy
Bex;Johnny was there before. He left and she made more mess!!!
_piccolaragazza_;#justiceforjohnnydepp
apinkphoenix;#JUSTICEFORJOHNNYDEPP
chicaintrepida;APOYEMOS A JOHNNY DEPP
>Carol <;#JUSTICEFORJOHNNYDEPP
isa;everyone know that Johnny will win, because he is a honest people.
Just a normal March 7th lover;Oh god I can’t wait for there to be more hilarious random quotes from amber this time
Shell;Amber turds in blue I think
emmadivinepsychicmedium;Amber is a stalkerrrrrrrrr
Red Sox fan;Amber probably still wins even though she’s guilty
ramo ublar;why dies johnny depp do when hangs out with Marlyn manson?
user5627788683951;Johnny doesn’t remember doing half this shit.
Sarah Kate Coleman;The person commenting team amber is asking for trouble lol
Yourmom420;Let Johnny speak damn
Bubbles;Is johnny green or blue
Kpop;@blvckknives no johnny is green
RayRenee;She’s a little off and has psychotic attacks Johnny won this case
Viviana Andrea;johnny is such a cutie
Bubbles;Is johnny green or blue
Nah;If amber doesn’t lose the system is rigged
Marie Birdsall;Shows a lot of begging on ambers part lol
..;Blue hearts for Johnny
cal;why does amber look like that
mshmsh5566;what ever you say Amber scripts bad acting
Brooke Baxter;When does Johnny’s lawyers talk
Roxxieee;what did you step on this time amber
Candy;@lauralicous1 Team Johnny
user2529315821805;Aquí en español, Tex mex y Spanglish … gooooo Johnny
Kim Morris;Damn I love Johnny but those text make me think it is him he’s confessing and apologizing
user8706144921142;time amber heart #power
louisejohnson248;then 4 give move on  this is ridiculous Johnny is going to win this tho
Nestor Vargas;thinking of shaving my beard into a goatee to support Johnny us guys gotta stick together!!!
Kristine Louise Wick;Johnny is just the best man in the World
angela_c_rojas;Mt. Deep. Not Johnny bee lady
Quetzalli_Itzel;You live for lying Amber
Samantha Smith;I wana see johnny lawyers faces
user9738669065126;Oh, how big of you amber…please they agreed to help repair your image if you donated to them
Rosa Toledo;Can’t wait for Johnny’s team to cross examine
Ariel Titus;amber took everything from Johnny amber still had her roles in movies Johnny got that taken from him
lowridinin64;all my homies love Johnny
jennaleigh1990;JUSTICE FOR JOHNNY!!!
Carlos;Amber solution= cry and act like the victim
Betty Ayala;WILL JOHNNY BE ON THE Stand AGAIN
Httjfhjhh;Amber need go to jail now thanks you and we need captain jack back please DISNEY thanks you.
.;Oh god ambers such a liar dude
Ash Lynn;Johnny donated too but he also went to go see these kids that were sick to make them happy
Ya;Amber Heard Couldn’t Pay Second Half of Donation After “Financial Difficulties,” According to ACLU
kirstyager2;Johnny and Elon gave them money not her, that’s perjury my honour.
Colleen Bates-Podina;hey amber my dog stepped on a bee
Olivia P;What’s in the bottle amber
eyelandgyal1;Johnny made the checks out
user4391798058330;Justice for Amber. Johnny is Trash.
Native;Spit it out Amber, sick of her stumbling
Fxncy;amber heard is the word definition of lying
nikol;I WANT TO SEE JHONY DEPP NOT AMBIR HERT
RainbrowdropinfusionsLTD;Why does she always look at the jury why not look at johnny
Sam;Exactly Johnny paid it
Danny Gonzalez;She didn’t pay shit that was Elon and Johnny making payments in her name
Natalia Resendez;SHE PLEDGED 3.5 MILLION AMD ONLY PAID 350,000, JOHNNY PAID SOME FOR HER
Hahaha;Ambers been using here time wisely I see no sad faces today
Matteo Adamo;didnt do it for money hmm then why elon musk the jhonny depp
cheristroud;They came from Johnny and Elon not her
Joy Edinger;Elon Musk is a terrible person no wonder he dated Amber
Clara Olivares;@mdubois11 wrong. Team Johnny
lauren_b275;Justice for Johnny Depp
onlinetrish;NOT HER SAYING ITS JOHNNYS FAULT
despoinakitsiou;imagine the liar is johnny (i cant even think about it)
Kiley7172;Don’t blaim it in Johnny
yatesjanie290;Why doesn’t she leave Johnny Alone and get with Elon
Johnny Boy;Justice for Johnny, Redemption for Amber. No jail/prison time, one fine of a reasonable sum
user2151201529855;What’s In the bottle amber
Krissy;Why amber heard look like gru from despicable me today
jasonxxgeo;Elon is good and Johnny
lorrainemian1973;amber please tell the truth and get over with this. you are making up so many stories and prolonging
tan;amber please accept The L
jaredanderson405;because johnny took my money after i took his money
Kyra;Give Johnny his money then
kellylovitt_roberts;Amber heard is a lierrr
Onomatopoeia;Johnny also gave money to the parents to help them
Riggin20;Boooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo AMBER
Nevaeh Colon;Ohh she lying on Johnny she better lose ong
user158660553264;She’s no victim. Johnny is!!
Abraham Lara;Johnny tiene que ganar
Katelynn Gutierrez;Elon visually shows physical abuse from Amber
Kayla;Wait isn’t Elon the same man she said Johnny was jealous of and he had nothing to worry about.
CaroAnimation;JUSTICE FOR JOHNNY!!!
hayley;what’s in the bottle amber?
Brazilian girl;Now is Johnny depp she hasn’t paid
Fake plant lover;so it’s all Johnny’s fault according to her
BangtanBoyz_Love;SHE IS BLAMING JOHNNY
Joe Mama;so she can’t pay for her own things bc of us johnny? though johnny has no way to control her money
Teresa Mohabir;Put the canera on johnny
Krissy;Why amber look like gru from despicable me today
The to the B;also, please realize that its not just your name who is tainted but also johnny
Anton Elias Schick;Justice For Johnny depp
Mario Flores;Because Johnny sued her she is not going to donate?? What lol
dawsonbrowning935;some chuckle nut sed justice for amber
J D3409;she needs johnny money to cover her lies now
maishaboo;What has Johnny suing got to do with anything
Adri;So it’s Johnnys game??
Rafaella ioannou;why is she a liar #johnny
Amanda jade;ohhhhh now it’s Johnny’s fault she didn’t do note the rest of the money hahahha
ElleeNokes;honor for Johnny depp
paul therrien355;Team Johnny for the win
McKenna;When Johnny wins she needs to go to jail for lying under oath
blackiemeow;Nah she wanted the money to get through her first rather than johnny directly donated to aclu
una reina pagana;my dog stepped on something, oi, its ambers lies
Rosa Toledo;So she didn’t donate because Johnny stopped giving the money? I thought she was a talented actress?
Sara steele;lmao blaming Johnny for not giving the remainder what a joke
ouuuu;SHE AINR EVEN FINE WHY JOHNNY WHYYYYYYYYYYYYY
colin johnson;Lol did someone just say amber is the best
alysha.peacock1977;Amber takes another shot of alcohol
Ashton;she tried to ruin Johnny
miakkmia;amber sippin some lean
TheGreatAmbino;more like johnny depp vs. dr evil
Aleisha             she/her;Johnny has made of 90 movies and you aquaman
Xinder;Cmon jury make the right choice and choose Johnny Depo
Trane;Her $7 mil obligation is just that.  Doesn’t matter what Johnny does after
Peyton Turner;So she used the donation money to pay for Johnny suing her? Tf is wrong with her brooo
edit;#JUSTICEFORJOHNNYDEPP
Onomatopoeia;we want to see johnny
Makayla Donley;Justice for Johnny!!!!!
Wilcania Brea;TEAM JOHNNY we love you!!!
Laura Lou;Justice for Johnny!!! Cash App@LauraLouFool
Drew Chatelain;Johnny is doodling lol
DrTic2daToc;Johnny is guilty. No one wears a ponytail to court
Jacob;Make Amber Heard Nobody Again 2022
Crazy As They Come;johnny drawing something?
JJ;Ambers team has been cheating and watching all are tiktoks
sweetestteaeva10;Can Johnny see these comments lol
Karla Martinez Serna;i support johnny deep
dutch bros;Johnny my boy, you can handle this bitshhh
Mathieu Gokas;Johnny deserves better
Hayhay;JUSTIC FOR JOHNNY DEPP
Ashley Rodriguez;Did johnnys lawyer get a lil haircut ???
Charles;CAN YOU HEAR ME IM WATCHING YOU JOHNNY
OnlyHackers_xD;The noise its just amber screaming
eliteew420;JOHNNY! Take some mushrooms
Mary Elizabeth Belch;I wonder what johnny is doing right now?
DieProbleemKind;IF YOU VOTE TEAM AMBER YOU ARE A FEMINIST
Vinnyblue;Cash app $vincentdelmaro $50 team Johnny
Rustynails;Anyone know how long it took for Johnny to testify?
Nozza;#freejohnnyfromamberpsycho!!!
Karla Jones;Johnny playing among us
Vibe Paradise;I as the new judge of court announce amber guilty
Alessandra Castro;johnny is so fineeeeeeeeee
Ayla;johnny isnt innocent either hes a grown man
user9375811839569;People saying TEAM AMBER DEFFFFF VOTED FOR BIDEN
Frosty;johnny ain’t worried cause he knows he’s ganna win
Queen B;Hang in there Mr. Depp
Lyn Trosky Gallant;does anyone actually believe amber?
aleshiamarie85;blaming g Johnny for not doing her dontlation as pro.ised .. lies after a decade wow
TR4V3FLOW;what Johnny make? Sudoku?
jchtx713;amber had to go take a shit on the Johnny  lawyer bed
Hannah Mincks;I like how Johnny sits right in the middle of his lawyers. Amber sits off to the side….
Kamryn Deigel;Everyone say it TEAM JOHNNY !!!
Candice;Go johnny gooooooooooooo
Justin malyn;Johnny look good no cap
mads;johnny hasn’t looked once at amber he’s terrified of her. she’s digusting
KirstyK705;Johnny began the lawsuit she couldn’t pay the charities as promised?
Wyatt Sparks990;what does my dog stepped on a bee have to do in a trail against Johnny
user2835407281015;i love how calm Johnny is
Genesis;Why is this case still going?? Amber needs to stop being heard lmao
crunchybacon69;tara johnny shot puno
Samantha;i wanna see his colored page. hold it up johnny lol
soyliliberrios;Come on Johnny Depp we support you
_lifewithheathernicole;AMBER NEEDA TAKE A HIKE
Jessica Sheehy;no matter how this ends. johnny has won. he wins in the fourt of public opinion
ilovecookiedough;lmao who said go amber
Odessa Dennetta Vele;team Johnny all the way
Karla Martinez Serna;I support Johnny deep
tots.and.preyerz;Johnny checking out Camille and Elaine, wishing he can step out to smoke for a bit. hehehe
RomanianBro;@nicosfangirlsuchtelinie amber*
Paris Saba;Bet Johnny is watching tik tok
Caitlin;GUYS I JUST GOT BACK IS AMBER STILL ON STAND
Granit Kingji;Amber is innocent until proven Guilty.
POOP;Johnny hasn’t stop paying his bills even after you took 7 million no excuse amber
Robin Marie Maddox;im praying for you Johnny
kristalreedom502;yea go Amber off the stand with the lieing
Hannah Olson;Wasn’t pro Amber until right now. Think for yourselves everyone. If this evidence is true… damn.
Rob Mc;At least Johnny doesn’t snort Coke mid trial
ami;it’s hard to stay neutral when amber heard literally exists
YEETbored;Bro her parents literally on johnnys side
Hannah Wood;If you are team Amber I think you need a straight jacket if you are falling for all her lies
Ciara;Team Johnny all the way
Aniyah Hayes;cashapp $AniyahHayes333 50$ if TEAM JOHNNY
faldelahschroeder;Team Johnny all the way
Max Radley;@laurelmctavish996 AMBER WANTS THE BEST!?!?!?!?
alexis40ful;I hope they lock Amber up!! I know they won’t but wishful thinking.
Hayley;When are johnnys lawyers questioning her?
little Ozzy lover9;Amber is Guilty Amber is Guilty
user9270492499338;Did somebody just say team amber ??
Pickleshidder;Smoking that amber pack
nazwec;This man abused my man Johnny
Anonymous Gamer;People that like Amber probably act like her
ehifenke;amber turds on the bed
J0shHenny;Nah amber we don’t love you
Terrence_Rampa;draw my like by johnny deep
thym70;amber name is destroyed
boda2122;Type C U Next Tuesday for your thoughts on Amber
Maoly Palma;"amber will be donating all "
Trisha Curtin;Who’s asking amber the questions?
Astrid;Amber: ZZZZ  Johnny: GOODD
Anonymous Gamer;People that like Amber probably act like her
Ella Marie;She has history of domestic abuse. JOHNNY DOESNT!!!!
D!3T3;now what will Amber wear for tomorrow
Miranda Rasmussen;AH PARENTS side with JOHNNYYY
Fourdorrsmorewhore;amber eye steped on bee
Matilde Mtz;estamos contigo Johnny
Original J Z;Amber likes a man to foot her bills but she doesn’t want the man
Anonymous Gamer;People that like Amber probably act like her
Edwen Reyes;Everything is everything for you amber
A :);WE LOVE YOU JOHNNYYYYYY
aliesiatorii;@m009m TEAM AMBER????????
mamaqueeniee;because she no longer gives a shit aboutJohnny
Otaku.bri;$brianacelestee TEAM JOHNNY
Yeppitsme#1;Justice for Johnny Depp
LakZa;Can’t believe a lot of you are on Johnnys side he’s Bestfriend with a child abducter
Aniyah Hayes;CASHAPP IF TEAM JOHNNY $AniyahHayes333
The Fallen One;Cancel Disney plus for Johnny.
Zynia;How bout Johnny missing out and being sacked from pirates eh?
Your stepmom;There’s some weirdos in the comments that actually support Amber LMAO y’all look goofy
:);JUSTICE FOR JHONNY DEPP!!!!!
Telma Martins;Johnny is the victm... we stand for Johnny
Esmeralda;And Johnny lost everything
The Fallen One;Cancel Disney plus for Johnny.
Stephanie L;Jason Mammo blames amber for his divorce
Cyndi Carter;I volunteer as Johnny Depps newest baby momma!
Starleen;JOHNNY  IS A GOOD MAN!!!
Jennifer Holdstock;Girl you literally got to keep your jobs while Johnny lost all of his
leannasmithr;Even Jason Momoa is team Johnny.  That should tell you something
Susan Lawson;Proof please, irrefutable proof please . You shouldn’t be allowed to keep a part Johnny got you.
lisa_emilieee;Don’t support those who cut Johnny off!!!!
M;PLEASE NO MORE AMBER IN AQUAMAN 2
tatiweldon;NEVER HEARD ABOUT AMBER TILL NOW
Gaya;And Johnny … loose opportunity top
noleavemyshoealone;she only got that part because Johnny Depp helped her get it because she is a terrible actress!!!
lisa_emilieee;Don’t support those who cut Johnny off!!!!
jessiethe1993capricorn;JOHNNY LOST HIS MOVIE, YOU WERE THERE
Melanie;She ruined Johnny’s career so what?!
Cheryl Sloop- Harrin;You hurt Johnny. This will come back and hunt you. Your on jealous women
arlyeacevedo;Johnny lost a lot and more jobs
Edward;Petition to revoke Amber from Aquaman 2
lisa_emilieee;Don’t support those who cut Johnny off!!!!
Mrs grinch;amber is a liar and a manipulator that’s all there is to it
S_girl123;you only got it because of Johnny
Maisy x;Amber heard Johnny has in dept
SnS247;Bissshh nexxxxxt amber whoo ????
Fathi Ali;she is pretty but she has a dark soul #justiceforJohnnydep
x;while johnny had nothing
caylenaa;You were in aqua man tho. Johnny lost pirates role
Lola;Seee this woman don’t realise that Johnny made her who she’s is lol
JLGerman077;L’s in the chat for Amber everyone
RJ;You only got that job because of Johnny !!!!
Trish;and johnny lost everything at least you kept ur jobs
Shadow Baxter;Justice for Johnny depp
manaarmae20;YOU MADE JOHNNY LOOSE HIS ROLLS AND OPPORTUNITIES HE HAD. FOH
Ang;She didn’t ruin johnnys career
Pinkstar;It’s poor you amber own up to your shot
lisa_emilieee;Don’t support those who cut Johnny off!!!!
nazirarahim18;Gurl no one even know who u are before Johnny
user9375811839569;People saying Team Amber voted for Biden
i_am_maggie;Are the ones that say Team Amber okay?
BrindleFur_wcue;I heard Johnny might lose the case
“The Name Is Mommy”;Johnny done 20 bigtime movies your nothing !
Samantha B.;You kept it because of Johnny Depp
Nanci Veronica;We lost Johnny as Grindewald! Amber is a terrible actress and made Aquaman uncomfortable.
lisa_emilieee;Don’t support those who cut Johnny off!!!!
Sherry Jimmy389;lire johnny got you that job
• shiraomary •;can we see johnny on the stand already
user7129475430515;Her movie career was NOTHING. No one has ever heard of Amber. Dating  famous Johnny was her ticket
Dano1923;how you think Johnny feels being captain Jack sparrow
Jenny;Johnny got the aqua man gif for her lol
Marie-Claude Thériau;Cancel Amber from Aquaman
Leilani Perez;PETITION FOR AMBER OFF AQUAMAN
liesbeth079;but Johnny lost pirates
Hayson Dudik961;I want to see Johnny not her
Mia Patsatsia;because you johnny dropped out from pirates of the Caribbean
apinkphoenix;#JUSTICEFORJOHNNYDEPP
Peyton;Nah so Johnny loses he job but amber doesn’t nah not right
Matina;Johnny lost pirates too
Ashton;johnny got you the aquaman job
Deonte Short190;My dog stepped on amber
Mikaela;What about money and jobs Johnny has lost
Lizbette Ramos762;I hope they drop her like they did to Johnny
Noah;I walked out of the bedroom he slaps me across the face so I turn to look at him and I say Johnny
Yozora Caelum;Take the children away from her & give Johnny back his role in fantastic beasts
Ntrudnos;If weren’t for Johnny she would’ve never got the Aquaman parked she’s a liar
Fwix;JOHNNY DEPP GOT HER AQUAMAN SHE IS NOTBING WITHOUT HIM
Blueeee;No money once Johnny once took his money away
M;NO MORE AMBER IN AQUAMAN. JUSTICE FOR JOHNNY
christabelmothi;u only got that coz of johnny
user7129475430515;Aquaman was not successful because of Amber, it was because of Jason Momoa.
Chloegeorgeson;What does Johnny side get to question her??
yoandrajacquire;why must you talk about aquaman??? talk about how she abused Johnny Depp
Emily Swarek;She blasted Johnny just before aquaman
LakZa;Johnny stayed with sparrow cause he can’t get other roles
Ladygene;cancel Amber aqua man
Maze Violet;And when was Johnny supposed to be fantastic beast amber?
Yabba Dabba;Johnny just swings through the set he gets presents. Poor Elon sweety little nerd
Cinthia Fariña1313;FUERZA JOHNNY ACABA CON ESA BRUJA
x;johnny lost the grindelwald. oh pls THATS WAY BETTER THAN YOUR CAREER
Cody Oliveira;Johnny should have just called saul
HelloCwish;Where is all the money from the film that you donated amber?
calvin tan;A career which Johnny landed you
uh.kaylee.ig;Johnny deserves so much better
Eriixa__;A career she never had till Johnny came in the pic lol you don’t lose something you never had!
GingersCards;Give me my hat Johnny…. Aquaman
Glitzyglassdesign LS;jason supports johnny
elainevargasj;The role Johnny got you? Girl…
Wendy;Johnny should be in jail... facts
KirstyK705;Mamoa had something to do with it not Amber
ChiCher ChaChii;Your lost is 1% when compared with what Johnny lost
Joseph Monaghan;JONNY DEPP-JACK SPERROW
arei_ramkissoon;Amber stepped on a bee
Aida_cxo;Depp is the besttttttt
BigBadWolf;They have asked her questions for days and only asked Johnny for what one day?
Trish;Wow. It made a major hit on your life, what about what you did on johnny’s career
Virginia ;JUSTICE FOR JOHNNY DEPP
Vinnyblue;Cash app $vincentdelmaro team Johnny
bitty_blue;transparent Amber we see right through you
Sarah G;@onlyrior JOHNNY IS A GEMINI HON.  NOTHING TOXIC ABOUT HIM
christen  south;Justice for Johnny depp
she/they;JUSTICE FOR JONNY DEPP
Kali F;Johnny you goin to jail
SirenSoul;Only because of Johnny
user7129475430515;Jason Mamoa made Aquaman successful. No one watched it to see Amber.
soulisticspirit;amber misusing her time
Melanie Metts;Johnny looks like he’s about to fall asleep lol
Kaila Loud;Johnny tired of thisHoe
EC;Amber looking like spoc from Star Trek
kaitlin ;Wgat happens is johnny wina?
SnowDog2021;Johnny’s doing Sudoku
Suzanne Coogan;Whoever is a team amber, should be punched in the head!!!!
Dodat Stuff;She wanted to hurt Johnny
Hunger games big fan;JOHNNY YOU GO GIRL MaTiRiOl GiRl
Ashton;AMBER YOU ARE NOT A VICTIM
Mario Etcheverry;#JusticeForJohnnydepp
user3089798814775;johnny is reading these comments on tik tok right now. lol
AT1LA;Wer mag amber oder jonny????
Deja;Johnny is over it lol
Keyla Bereka;@hayden5550:team amber... bro you just keep rooting for abusers then... look a bit into the whole th
im_sierra123;Didn’t they already prove she did mention Johnny in the op Ed
melissadurfey537;justice for Johnny Depp, he has been amazing
juan angel salcido acosta;johnny is loosing time
tatiana;lies. lies. lies. there was a draft of her op-ed where she initially mentioned Johnny
The Problem Child;Amber for sure Cappin
blufox;AMBER BABY..... JUST STOP CHILE
cyn;gender issues. hmmmm so what about you saying nobody would believe johnny
Tiffany Hunter;So she dragged Johnny to get more popular
Cameron Smith;GROWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW I SUPPORT JOHNNY
its.your.girl.Aisha.;I love love love johnny
elainevargasj;And what a disgrace you were amber
Ray;All these fatherless ppl saying team amber should get a reality check
Otaku.bri;$brianacelestee $1 for TEAM JOHNNY
B.V.E.F;Amber ching4 tu madr3 >:(
carinaaa_lopezz;Hope Johnny draws her as a joke lol
That_one_girl_nessa;This is all for attention her description of “happened” to her is what she did to Johnny
Keyla Bereka;TEAM AMBER TEAM JHONNY
user3853663525526;boooooo amber booooooo
Ms_Indy_J;No one respects you amber
Rebelball21;@toryanii setting up Johnny. Hence why she kept having him over after she got that
Zainab;Who here actually supports Amber?
Sierra.frailey;$sierrafrailey for team Johnny!
eli rodriguez;team Johnny Depp $eliirod
s;The article was not about gender issue haha it was abour you hating on Johnny
Ipad.x.journey;The only movie she was in was aqua man and Johnny dell was in more than 50 how is she good then
yoselyn;LMFAOOOA NOT JOHNNY SLEEPING
bacon potato;"no ones gonna believe you johnny"
AprilMayJuneJuly;So she DID direct it towards Johnny…so she LIED
appleuser24244963;@user076478521 Donate to Johnny! $Tevinsatwork
Dean_0772;Johnny is not sleeping he is purposely not looking at her. She will fake a cry
satanic;I know where amber lives
Miranda Rasmussen;NOTICE HER OUTFITS THIS WEEEEK SHE WILL COPY JOHNNYS FIT TODAY FOR COURT TMRW. ALL WEEK
xo.stef;@brightbeauty0 justice for johnny
IM BACK FAIRY GANG!!!;Justice for Johnny!!!
Stacey;I’ll come back when Johnny is on
Grace Searles;Team Johnny Cashapp $GreySeaGraceCSearles
wow;i said johnny u hit me, u just hit me
user3089798814775;amber needs to fire her team.
jellybean202999;Stop demonizing amber… both did horrible things
thiya;mba amber ga capek apa mba, saya liat ini seliweran di tiktok saya mulu aja capek
kyleigh1;she should lose everything johnny has and more
Danielle Laïda;SHES BEEN ABUSIVE IN EVERY RELATIONSHIP.... JOHNNY NEVER HAS... CASE CLOSED
Miranda Rasmussen;NOTICE HER OUTFITS THIS WEEEEK SHE WILL COPY JOHNNYS FIT TODAY FOR COURT TMRW. ALL WEEK
Kaleigh;Johnnys lawyer is so ready
Ray;All these fatherless ppl saying team amber should get a reality check
Randi;if she used the joint statement in the divorcee papers as "proof" that her and johnny agreed there. was no abuse or physical violence-why write oped?
Morcan Text;Yea, it does, Amber. We all know that helps. Stop lying. Stop pretending Hollywood is above that
M e r cZ;Amber shhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Vickyy;Wen is Johnny lawyer gonna questions her
Lisa-Vee;amber how is your dog
sbxbeautyxx;TEAM AMBER LOL LOL LOL
Danielle Laïda;SHES BEEN ABUSIVE IN EVERY RELATIONSHIP.... JOHNNY NEVER HAS... CASE CLOSED
lina;Notice how everybody believes Johnny even tho the men always get blamed, that has to mean something
Janet Kelvin Myatt;Team Johnny-is innocent
user397000577386;Her dog stepped on a bee so she must be innocent #teamjohnny
user9556481818593;Bees should sue Amber
Kayden;is Jhonny Depp the guy from sonic the hedgehog?
johanna?;she has more screen time than johnny!!! Whyyyy
LeAnn Dotson;its clear the victim. Amber keeps looking towards Johnny and Johnny refuses to look up
Chicharitofreefire;a que hora enfocan a johnny
Johnna;she wrote the editorial with the understanding that it would have a negative impact on Depps career
Roxane s;When are Johnny’s lawyers be able to ask her questions ?
_1candycrush_;Johnny is an Alkohol Addict He promise a marrige He cant have
Marie Bressy;Amber personnes ne te crois
Megan;How did the media know amber?????
Ohbrii;@teenageangst2 yes this is to clear johnnys name since he’s lost multiple opportunities from her lie
Emily Aylmer;her and her lawyer talking is boring bring in johnny and his lawyers asking her questions
http.lemon.tea;I’d rather see Johnny’s drawing
Brittany Westby;5 million is nothing to Johnny, he just wants to win :)
user6328847461101;So the op-Ed was about Johnny Depp. She just admitted.
Destiny Fairweather;Johnny is playing on his phone
user7129475430515;Do a lie test AMBER you liar
jaden wieser;okay she loses by proving she was mentioning johnny in the op ed
Morgan Fortay;“Johnny Depo supporters” lmao so everyone
user798318893021;dus ging wel overjohnny
Emma;Is this ambers lawyer
Janette Pham;Johnny is so angry and misdirected. Wrongfully sued Amber. So happy she’s countersuing.
user938576437;@imnotyourmommie she got a restraining order but kept trying to set up times to see Johnny?????
Charlyn Paisley;We don’t like liars Amber
trinitybrown3057;I didn’t even know who amber was until this happened
SweetlyAliyahxo;Cashapp me if you love Johnny £sweetsashaxo
Leilani Perez;PETITION FOR AMBER OFF AQUAMAN
Emilio;We believe you, Johnny!
Kayjay;O just you speaking out against Johnny with lies.
SweetlyAliyahxo;Cashapp me if you love Johnny £sweetsashaxo
Jess<3 (taylors version);amber made a pooopeee
Kia;Betrayal from me. I never knew you until you married Johnny.
kayandrea;yes I am a Johnny Depp supporter
SweetlyAliyahxo;Cashapp me if you love Johnny £sweetsashaxo
Rebecca Bogdan;JoHnnY dEpp sUppOrters
christinekraychy;You are delusional Amber- Don’t have to like Johnny to see & hear you are a liar
BrindleFur_wcue;Bro that paragraph just proves Johnny was right!
Saartje & Pleuntje;SOMEONE SAID POOR AMBER
User1;Didn’t amber got arrested for DV
SLS89;so she admits it was about johnny...
youdontknowmemateyboyyy;is it johhnys lawyer that’s asking the questions or ambers lawyer???
Roblox girl;When she faked cried and it was Johnny’s go to talk amber smiled and Johnny
Barbara;#JusticeForJohhnyDepp #JusticeForJohhnyDepp #JusticeForJohhnyDepp #JusticeForJohnnyDepp
Carmen Guerrero;Amber no one believes you
raising.wildlings_;When will Johnny’s lawyers cross examine her
C.J.V.J;Get her away put Johnny there no one is interested in her lies
Kia;Always been team Johnny
SweetlyAliyahxo;Cashapp me if you love Johnny £sweetsashaxo
Gio / axel <3.;if women get their rights taken away, its women like amber heards fault.
chloe foster x x x;When’s Johnny’s side gonna start questioning her
Jasmin Alexandra;Aquaman without Amber is the best Aquaman ever
marina <3;LURIDA AMBER MA ACCIRT
Lora Gifford;Johnny got a jar of muffins!
MizzHBIC;Johnny depp supporters aren’t retaliation. They are supporting him because your caught in lies.
user3952249470454;team Johnny its my sons bday donate $cdywst
Sad/motivation;1CHANEL0 cashapp me to free Johnny
:);WHEN IS IT GOING TO JOHNNY TIME
Neekityneek Fam;how did it get worse amber? up until this trial ppl sided w/you. are you on social media during this
Your Mother739;amber supporters taking the L on this one
Lindsey;BRO ALL COMPANIES DROPPED DEPP
Summer Kohrs;the fact people think that Amber is telling the truth is a great joke.
Rhonda Baker;She previously said it wasn’t about Johnny Depp… that it was written in general
user8607712401688;johnny works for them, u were on his coat tails, your a nobody
emily.grace;It sounds like Johnny drove her crazy
Sad/motivation;1CHANEL0 cashapp me to free Johnny
Liam James199;Come on Johnny, you got this.
Tuu.Tone;You had no proof, Amber. Thats why you’re here still with no proof to back any of your accusations.
Melanie;You used Botox bruises as bruises from Johnny dude quit lying!!!!!
Ally;@david.rl0417 domestic abuse. Plaintiff is amber heard, defendant is Jonny depp
liberty;I want a video of Jonny depp doing this
Jess<3 (taylors version);amber made a piiopeee
FlippityDooDah;Once again your just admitted you were referring to Depp
Sad/motivation;1CHANEL0 cashapp me to free Johnny
duha3579;JUSTICE FOR JOHNNY!!!!! PERIODDDDDD
user6415158536040;there is a difference between telling the truth and a liar and Amber u are a liar
No Name;Does Johnny buy his suits from overweight old men?
quit.;SLAY JOHNNYS LAWYER HEARSAY :)
Rio;ima like the vid when Johnny is onscreen
AzIrReHc_EaM23;People that’s team amber YALL living in your guys lies too just like how amber is living her lies
emilyt32608;“SHE DID IT FOR JOHNNY!”
Sad/motivation;1CHANEL0 cashapp me to free Johnny
Jerome Deofiles;amber heard is innocent
Summer Kohrs;Amber supporters are a GREAT JOKE
MeinerEiner;crazy soul Miss Amber
juliesorokowski2;You should get fired amber
Lucy C;Wait, they fired Johnny and kept Amber .
Sad/motivation;1CHANEL0 cashapp me to free Johnny
Freyakristine;They supported Johnny? He lost almost all of his contracts
RJ;Do you mean Johnny’s punched face
little Ozzy lover9;Amber is Guilty Amber is Guilty
itsjess_lynnn;You barely have anything to show you were abused but Johnny has a ton
user3952249470454;team Johnny its my sons bday donate $cdywst
@demiS;HOW LONG WAS AMBER AND JONNY MARRIED FOR ?
chloee.684;I swear johnny is sleeping
Decy;She’s only saying I almost lost my job for pity bc Johnny lost his
Maya;Riiiight that’s why Johnny has been blacklisted
Mandy;She is such a liar and a nut case. Justice for Johnny!
phillipomeley;That was true Johnny’s Security guard manipulated her  to get her out of Australia ASAP
Lindsey;depp lost all companies though, you didn’t
amanda__jim;thought the op ed wasn’t about johnny at all ?????
user1877605360326;WHAT DID YOU DO AMBER
user3952249470454;team Johnny its my sons bday donate $cdywst
Trayvon;Hmmmm king like the sun did to Johnny huh
noleavemyshoealone;Johnny lost everything! she got enough to pay someone to have her friggin baby
Ericah Sharp;and yet so was Johnny ??
Tay Dum;so the same thing you’re doing to johnny
Yazmin Calixto;That happened to Johnny
Y by ybu;to the  person that said amber is cute u are a liar
kvothethebloodless7;JOHNNY IS THE VICTIM. SHE NEEDS TO GIVE IT UP
Eisel Shane Bonode;amber heard do you hear me
user3952249470454;team Johnny its my sons bday donate $cdywst
elainevargasj;“Johnny your hit me!” “I protected Johnny!”
user1167090439585;Let the monster out Amber!
whereisurdad;justice for jhonny depp and the bee
Michelle Nieuwenhuizen;why did u not clean the carpet Amber???
.;Amber you know you can act better than that child
Lyndsey;Johnny wasn’t even there
nuumzugucken;Depp Depp Depp Jonny deep deep
user7129475430515;Because you planned it Amber everything your words are false
alysha.peacock1977;See how she stared at him when she said she was protecting Johnny as if she is trying to brainwash
Army986;protect Johnny for what ??
Diane Wainwright277;Amber you’ve been Heard now stop lying
Cat Fam.;i already picture Amber as a OINTB part 2 star
mohammedelkaml288;i think Johnny Depp already won
Ash~;o que acontece se ela realmente está dizendo a verdade? Idk but i love mr.depp
alanys;“i protected johnny” but after the day of said incident she announced it to his friends
WickedFaleenaLeatherCo;They let her talk for minutes but not Johnny
TimothéeChalamet;NOBODY BELIEVES YPU AMBER
Jodie L M;Now she knows how Johnny feels
s;She is a narcissist #justiceforjohnnydepp
Devon Pearl;Her lawyers should be nervous that depp’s lawyers are just letting her prattle on
Florence Olivares;You guys are making Amber win
jazzy;Johnny Depp is innocent!!!!!!!!
Water;2023 Leading female oscar nominee: AMBER HEARD
s;Scamber try harder to cry, you can do it, 3rd time is a charm
Ryan;Damn that’s crazy, what’s Ambers OF?
Adi;Why does she keep calling himJOHNNY
Atiya Essack;I-I-I wanted t-to p-p-protect j-j-Johnny
Shawna McMurray;If johnnys lawyers end up dead, we know who it was lol
veritycollier;get away with what Amber
user7129475430515;That is the truth that Amber lied and continues to lie
Nemesismaximus;Johnny… release the kraken!!!!! Man
Water;2023 Leading female oscar nominee: AMBER HEARD
Clairissa_taylor;You mean Johnny survived it
secret7271;amber you know if your lying your nose gets bigger
Franzi;because because bla bla amber
Mike_oxlong;Hey Amber, where’s your dad at?
Tammy Wilson;When does johnnys attorney get to cross examine
bigOhlPal;She wasted Johnnys time
Rocio Flores;johnny is the one that survived it
Silvia ugoeze;people supporting amber... have not gone through abuse...
TaniaMac;The Australia recordings are on YouTube!!! You can hear her saying she was sorry to Johnny!!!
Natalie Davis;Johnny survived not you
Jordan Stevens653;JOHNNY lived through this
hughesdonna313;He is the victim Amber not you
anti de;justice for amber heard
B_M;Protect Johnny???? Set him up! Those photos of so called bruises… can’t watch this lying woman
yuri on ice fan acct;GIRL NO ONE KNOWS YOU APART FROM JOHNNY
ye I post wheneveyi have time;EVERYONE SAY LOL IF U SUPPORT JOHNNY
Cortney;johnnys lawyer is focused
Misty;SHE GOT AQUA BC OF JOHNNY
Allie;I love Johnny’s legal team
Daisy;JUSTIS FOR AMBER HEARD
Teesha Lyn-Marie;Johnny isnt even paying attention lol
Hayley;Johnny just be looking down and not caring
meghan audet;wonder what johnny is drawing today
Casey Morrison;Never even heard of amber heard…
lighty916 ;What reputation. You weren’t known until Johnny
danicasmith022;johnnys lawyers not pulling any punches now
midsommarvvitch;amber really has terrible lawyers. elle woods would never have so many objections
iar_snow;When is johnnys team doing the cross examination?
Kathryn;She got her roles thanks to Johnny
lyexluh;Johnnys lawyers know they’re good
Nardali;Is johnny’s lawyer sayinf objection?
user4890903130139;Yo who said team amber kick that person out
Craftin2healcreations;what. is Johnny doing??
Firdaus Anuar;We stand for you Jonny depp
cutie_0899;When is johnnys lawyer going to rip her apart
KirstyK705;I didn’t know Johnny was married until this came about.
B;What is Johnny doing??
ye I post wheneveyi have time;EVERYONE SAY LOL IF U SUPPORT JOHNNY
maya;keep it at johnny pls my eyes hurt
2beautiful_1;Johnnys lawyer ate dope asf and are over her
Cassandra GONZALEZ;Have they cross examined Johnny from her legal team ?
Rebekah_____1426;Hahahaha I love Johnny’s team
caseyyyyy:);I can see amber supporters-
User Sammy;I made a 700000 view video on amber
muslim sigma;Johnny made more than 90moveis she has 1-5 what work
HappierWithYou;Look they show us Johnny
B;She dated Elon who she cheated on Johnny with
Edie Mooney;What reputation - no real public reputation until Johnny
DeJeukendeEend;destroy them amber!!!!
Bexx;Even Johnny’s lawyers look fed up
JadeGina17;Team Johnny all the way
2008_aiden_bmx;my dog stepped on a bee 123 i got beat by Johnny
M.Jaeger7;Dust off JD laptop like Ambers
BreeP17;Lol johnnys team is so unbothered
Hrdz;One behind the guy to the right of Johnny kinda bad
BeeBeee;Lmao so you were flourishing mean while Johnny wasn’t
Naomi Gutierrez;my daughter had an accident in her bed and blamed it on amber
Jeanette Renken;It’s Johnny doing for anything she did.
Shiela_958;@caitlin_amber_ the jury
Joyce;No one of us can judge Amber but we all know she’s lying
courtneyboulds;But Johnny did so much charity work
Amanda;Johnny’s lawyers are so irritated.
Amelia Buman;Yes just keep the cams on Johnny pls. I want a side by side
Angie Affinity Horse;Team Johnny all the way you’re full of it lady
johnny36451;Amber has officially changed her name to Billy bullcrap
Beesje Freek;Stepped on a bee, and the winner is johnnyyyyy
Glo;I wish I can hear johnnys thoughts
Nicola Amy;Johnny was dropped from Fantastic Beasts!!! while you were doing aquamarine 2!
Ylva_MS;why is everone supporting johnny
woelliee;noen knew about you before you met johnny
Leonor Marcillo;justicia para Johnny Deep
wendigo0981;Amber dnt step on a bee
.;She’s obsessed with JOHNNY
Joanne Burnham;and what could Johnny do
Bladder;Johnny should win Amber heard is the abuser
avanroosmalen;karma is on the way Amber.
Daisy;WHY DO YALL HATE AMBER
TURKEYTHECHOWSKY;Why do you think she’s lying but Johnny is being honest?
Jennifer Guevara;Johnny got her Aquaman no?
huera713;funny how she doesn’t stutter like crazy when talking about herself but when she talks bout johnny..
Sam;Never knew you before Johnny
Crystalla;Good for you, Johnny wasn’t working because of the lies you told!
Doreen Marino;What’s the remove Amber heard number today???
user6233481908588;Amber, God will show you mercy
Brooklynn;lol Amber you silly silly girl
audrey.flores;Can someone tell me the titles of the people around Johnny ?
.;amber will never be heard xxxx
darrshanshan2;tap like for johnny depp
atouchofclass;Johnny is doodling he has no concern for this trial at all not his reputation not anything
juicymorse;Team Johnny!  He knows he’s lived and no one buys it!  Has she even had 1 good act?  Success, haha
DonGi -;We don’t wanna see amber heard
albertaevents;WHAT ABOUT DEPPS REPUTATION HIS FINANCIAL STATE
Alison;No cap justice for that bed & Johnny
Sissy;johnny got you that part LIAR
Whatsupterry;I love amber heard baby
darrshanshan2;tap like for johnny depp
samantha;Johnny still loves her
Taterbudd2669;#Amber Heard is a psycopath
it is what it was;He got her Aquaman if it wasn’t for Johnny
sherrington94;Sounds like she was successful unlike the position she put Johnny in
Leslie;You would have never got aquaman if it wasn’t for Johnny
Morgan Fortay;All bc of johnny tho……
darrshanshan2;tap like for johnny depp
Spiritual h0e;I was trying to protect Johnny
Gage Dutcher;AQUAMANNNNN ~Johnny voice~
whalemamma;I know very little but bad behavior on BOTH due to drugs Johnny is not a saint and she is not a evil
Brooklynn;Nobody feeels sorry for you Amber
jesstwardowski;whoever is team amber need to go to thearpy
user5360784251605;Depp had best PR ever
Matthew;Team Johnny lol they’re both bipolar and both are in the wrong. Please dismiss and stop wasting $
Ybnblazee;AMBER HEARD DISS ON MY ACCOUNT CHECK IT OUT
user1018492669676;Like you let poor Johnny grieve his mama!
Katrina Lyons;Anyone who says team amber clearly hasn’t been watching the trial
Susan Lawson;We saw the video of your hounding Johnny when his mom passed so what’s your point ?
Samuel Jimenez;justice foe Amber said NO ONE she is Crazy
bella grace;I POSTED A VIDEO! THEY CLOSED PIRATES RIDE AT DISNEY BECAUSE OF JOHNNY DEPP
Joy <3;It‘s hard to stay on the script amber right?
user559779805431;Amber Heard a zipper and Ran to it.
Karaoke Zachary;Y’all leave amber alone !
Masiel Cancho Riva;a que hora el equipo de Johnny!!!!!!!
Ariel Wright;willsill johnny speak get to again?
amongus;HAHAHAHAHAHAHA SOMEONE SAID TEAM AMBER LMAO HAHAHA
Zz_zz;nothing compared to what johnny has gone through!
Suzann Alghamdi;is she going to be cross examined by Depp’s team today?
Bimbo Barb;Amber Heard is a queen!!
Hejdu;Justice for johnny depp
Colton Wilding;That means be quite Amber
Kaitlyn Maxey;Seriously what does her mom passing have to do with Johnny
Ranesia Pierce;Sounds like she tried to use Johnny to advance her acting career…writing that op-ed
Loner Wolf499;@kalligrover14 no she made johnny lose everything
undefined;you can never have those movies without depp
loveleenrodrigue5;Removed Amber Heard from Aquaman
Tami;No one knew who she was till she used Johnny Depp
Doris;Difamo y Miente continuamente, justícia para Johnny Depp
Ariel Wright;Will johnny speak again?
Funkypati;Johnny we all stay With you
Bimbo Barb;Amber Heard is a queen
Amy Louise;Elaine stutters as much as Amber
B0nes;Mr.Depp is the legend
Merche Mateos G;cuando comienzan los abogado de Johnny?
$TiCKi;She wanted to match Johnny and wear gray
dominic caraballo;amber need me in her life tbh
Edie Mooney;No article no case no Amber problems
xkqx;@crysycrysss and what does it make Amber. Goddess of narcissism?
Tori Marie Clark;Johnny better win this. Amber is ridiculous
Any one for fun;Who’s the lady next to Johnny
2008_aiden_bmx;my dog stepped on a bee 123 I got beat by Johnny   say out loud
Lila;JOHNNY POPPED OFF TODAY
just_a_mom3;Amber career is over after all this even if she wins the public is mainly team Johnny
Savanah;I believe they are both in fault here, however Amber was the abuser and Johnny probably had enough
A fellow Content Creator;justice for Johnny Depp
Ethan Branham820;grade A acting from Amber must I say
-;Notice how Johnny doesn’t look at her
Unoriginal Name;All 148k loves you Amber. Everyone of them
Mia Horta720;Someone said team amber plsss I stand for Johnny
iphoneb28;TEAM AMBER TEAM AMBER TEAM AMBERRRRERRERRRRRR
Welcome <3;Justice for Johnny depp
Larryhitchen;Johnny just had a quick snort
Joanna;Johnny does not even look at her
Nikki Goetz;justice for johnny!!!!
Jacobus Van der Merw;johnny rolling a joint
user804633105809;You weird if you team amber
corrections;justice for Amber Heard
Wolf;Team Johnny all the way
fugazi;johnny’s lawyer loool
pugnuggs;she is counter suing Johnny for 100k
xluszi;AHHH DONT HIT ME AMBER HEARD
LauraLouXx;people on team amber are blind bats
sav;Anyone who is team Amber hasn’t been watching all of this
Mandi;Johnnys drawing her dog stepping on a bee hahah
1deringwhy;Easier to ask who is for Amber. Much shorter list
Anna Mejia;trying to help Johnny?? this whole thing started because of her..
-;Notice how Johnny doesn’t look at her
iphoneb28;TEAM AMBER TEAM AMBER TEAM AMBERRRRERRERRRRRR
Melanie;I just wanna hug Johnny
Kelley Cuff;Johnny is looking so handsome and strong
Waterfall0807;When is the cross of Amber??? Tomorrow ???
iphoneb28;TEAM AMBER TEAM AMBER TEAM AMBERRRRERRERRRRRR
Dyevtte72;Love you Johnny Depp!!!
-;Notice how Johnny doesn’t look at her
Alma;We believe in you Johnny
aaptwak;Johnny nie dood nie hy is net uitgepaas
mjfrancis33;Sign the petition to remote Amber Heard from Aquaman 2 @Change.org
user8557768275865;Why are y’all saying team amber ? She literally killt her boyfriend for NO reason
KatieHames92;I want to buy Johnnys journal
Pati Gabryel;johnny Depp dosent deserve this
dangie418;Anyone on here pro amber ?
iphoneb28;TEAM AMBER TEAM AMBER TEAM AMBERRRRERRERRRRRR
Tannis Teflon Tan Henriksen;She’s got no idea what she’s lost. I’d love to find a Johnny deep
Welcome <3;Justice for Johnny depp
Erick Badia;Mans Johnny just took a hit lol
Nicole Brachmann;#JUSTICEFORJOHNNYDEPP
yazmin <3;I have a project due in a couple of days and I have to play Johnny
Rich;Basically johnny depp got beat out of the harry potter series. He had a contract too
user9634546220371;Johnny should date a latí
Karmic.Ways;TEAM JOHNNY FROM ALIENS OF MARS
Goddess of truth 2.0;Definitely team Johnny
dom;WE LIVE YOU AMBER!!!!!!!
elle;You can tell the difference here she’s not lying compared to when she’s talking about Johnny
Angie.xx<3;Why are people supporting Amber
finja_high;we Love Johnny Depp Not Amber
Tabatha Sadler;I love it how the whole time in that room Johnny is drawing
Victory;Justice for Jonny depp
Capri Diana;Amber sabotaged everybody
<3;who tf just said blue hearts for amber-
Natasha Vili;Team #JOHNNYYY lasssssskkkkooooo
Skittles;Do I see people supporting amber????????
Kaylaa Mariee;When does Johnny’s team question her.?!???
giftsmeplz_;johnny paid mil off and left ez game
-;Notice how Johnny doesn’t look at her
Jordyn Elliott;the only reason I would consider liking amber is because she is hot
sherylburk03;When is she cross examined by johnnys team
-;Notice how Johnny doesn’t look at her
Angie.O_o;Plus the money she took from Johnny
Joanne McLaughlin;Blue hearts support amber?? how about a black heart!!
Im2prwtty4u;);What if I said justic for amber
Guilty_on_12_Counts;Johnny try to refrain from attacking crew members in the future. bruh.
Khaleesy VLH;why do they support Amber?
hughesdonna313;America don’t like you Amber Heard
Mack_c137;Justice for Johnny!!!!!!!!!!!!
PAPICON75;HOW IN THE WORLD PEEPS DNT KNOW HOW TO SPELL JOHNNY
Gael Antonio Renterí;Jonny on his 59 > Amber on her 30s
KevinJYoungJr;Johnny Depp being replaced as Jack Sparrow
Michael Walker4151;Aquaman was unwatchable, Amber owes me money too
Chubbs2828;amber heard confirms she in fact does not want to save the bees
Iceprincess;What about Johnny his lost by Disney
Edie Mooney;She is just getting mad does not like johnnys attorney
Yo Panayotova;We deffo do not love you Amber
AngelinaDela;Poor Johnny he lost 40 million
Piggy.;Amber yay go to prisoooon nooooooooww
Grace Danielson;Stop looking at Johnny
Gael Antonio Renterí;Jonny on his 59 > Amber on her 30s
user7129475430515;NO ONE CARES AMBER NO ONE
Mauro Almada;WHAT DO YOU THINK OF AMBER HEARD
mercuryfruit;johnny depp will expose if they don’t settle!! ITS ALL A TRAP
Gael Antonio Renterí;Jonny on his 59 > Amber on her 30s
Sarah Campbell;Why are we talking about justice league and aquaman instead of her allegations against Johnny
user50906512231;ya deja de mertir amber
Emi_Emi_;When dose it all end ? When is the decision made that amber is guilty
Logan;JOHNNY JOHNNY TEAM JOHNNY JOHNNY JOHNNY JOHNNY JOHNNY
Hannah Olson;The amount of money she had to pay for things and the amount of objections on Johnny’s team.
Karmic.Ways;TEAM JOHNNY FROM ALIENS OF MARS
Angie.xx<3;AMBER’S ONLY DOING THIS FOR HIS MONEY
malena5858;Didn’t Johnny win already
Gael Antonio Renterí;Jonny on his 59 > Amber on her 30s
Scream;@mustbethewhiskey_ no no we don’t. JUSTICE FOR JOHNNY
being.cecelia;Guys the only people supporting Amber are accounts sourced through her PR team
Karen Everett;You can thank Johnny for the Aquamannnnnnnn role
MissJoy;everybody know you are lying amber
Jay D;love amber??!!!!!??? not I
svfttvd;if you sue amber she will go broke yayyy
Hi!;Y’all imagine if we were wrong and amber isn’t the abuser? (Not on a mer side tho)
mahmoud Mossalem;REMOVE AMBER FROM AQUAMAN
Not lei<3;I do not support amber
Hayley;Johnny looking good today
lit;when she looks straight, johnny &co, left is then jury, right is judge
2008_aiden_bmx;Johnny should of hit her
Pronekestrel256;yo bro, just let Johnny win
Ryan Heslop;then I became a lawyer representing amber heard
mahmoud Mossalem;REMOVE AMBER FROM AQUAMAN
IDGF;aquashit if ever amber gets the role for aquaman 2
mercuryfruit;JOHNNY DEPP ABC EXECUTIVES ALL AT EPSTEIN ISLAND!
Nicolexxx;#justiceforjohnnydepp
B;@mustbethewhiskey_   No one supports Amber
LunaLovegood;Team Johnny Da Man Team John Da Don
CatherineRAuthor;I bet the only reason she got any of that is because she was attached to Johnny.
lenapap@;amber has hallucinations
Prince Dark;amber will never be forgiven for pirates 6
Khrishnee;Johnny all the wYyyyy
Deku Uchiha;Amber Heard > johnny depp
user7623295479075;I believe Johnny. My husband lies on me so family and friends could be on his side
Tami Rushing;Nobody supports amber hahaha
Sabrina Estevez;no one believes Amber
Wendy Harter Armentr;So let’s talk about all the money Johnny lost and all the movie deals and contracts that Johnny lost
Chelsealynn;anything with johnny its just stuttering
Kiss10day;Don’t nobody support Amber you have lost your mind
faith tiller;Johnny is the victim, that’s obvious
.;SOMEONE SAID THEY SUPPORT AMBER
Atrortega;que guay se ve amber<3\
mercuryfruit;JOHNNY DEPP ABC EXECUTIVES ALL AT EPSTEIN ISLAND
Lea Cozzette;Love Johnny she is a lying troll
Turtlesteps_Amy;Does Johnny have his candies?
Black Cat;Ambers prison mates are waiting for her
katti matti;ppl really saying that we all support amber….
reggie00000840;Do some COKE Amber!!!
mahmoud Mossalem;REMOVE AMBER FROM AQUAMAN
Justin malyn;Johnny lawyers look bored fr lol
Janie;loreal “because shes  worth it”.  amber was not
themexicanstallion;team amber are ABUSERS and actual NARCISSISTS smd TEAM JOHHNY
Malik;bro no one care about you anymore amber
Amanda;She keeps looking at the jury and Johnny to see if she’s getting a reaction from them.
user6233481908588;Amber you will win this
Eryn Kelley;I just wanna know what Johnny is writing
Drew;L’Oréal going to cut ties and join Johnny with Dior
mercuryfruit;JOHNNY DEPP ABC EXECUTIVES ALL AT EPSTEIN ISLAND
johnnyzuniga33;Johnny is in trouble I think
mercuryfruit;JOHNNY DEPP ABC EXECUTIVES ALL AT EPSTEIN ISLAND
Lisa Lynn;Justice for johnny,  she told her story, now let him tell his!!! Men are victims of dv too
Jordan;JOHNNY WAS SUPPOSE TO GET TRIPPLE THAT
Ben G7996;Amber needs to be replaced with Awkwafina in Aquaman!!!
Olga (:;Don’t lie no one supports amber
w4m1;i dont like amber ugh
Audrey Darlene;Amber you a scammmmerrr!!!!
mercuryfruit;JOHNNY DEPP ABC EXECUTIVES ALL AT EPSTEIN ISLAND
mercuryfruit;JOHNNY DEPP ABC EXECUTIVES ALL AT EPSTEIN ISLAND
China;How sad is too see Johnny in this position. SHE IS A LIAR
Alissa Segrest;Someone really said Team Amber lol
Malik;Lmao j give up alr Amber
secret7271;bro even her parents a on johnny’s side
Jess;what’s in the bottle AMBER
Ebrownlie_9;johnny has been in 90 movies and you amber.....
mercuryfruit;JOHNNY DEPP ABC EXECUTIVES ALL AT EPSTEIN ISLAND
mid;@littleinsteins13threason theses two use to date but they broke up and amber is accusing johnny of
mercuryfruit;JOHNNY DEPP ABC EXECUTIVES ALL AT EPSTEIN ISLAND
user3089798814775;team johnny are narcissists! TEAM AMBER!
Karii Riios;She keep talking about the same 1 movie and Johnny lost his own self with jack sparrow
Liv Chapman;wow there is some team amber fan?! what is the world ahah
mercuryfruit;JOHNNY DEPP ABC EXECUTIVES ALL AT EPSTEIN ISLAND
Lisa Lynn;#justiceforjohnnydepp
Lifewithangielopez;So every major project she got was after being with Johnny?
Deku Uchiha;amber heard in the right bro i believe her 100%
Ioana.g.iana;@crissycriss is calling team Johnny narcissist
….;If you support amber leave right now
mercuryfruit;JOHNNY DEPP ABC EXECUTIVES ALL AT EPSTEIN ISLAND
Kim Monroe335;I’ll NEVER buy L’Oréal again after AMBER HEARD!!
Audrey Darlene;Ben and Johnny planning moves over there
sandra kay<3;who just said amber will win this???
Dequovios Jeelington Jamie 3rd;Johnny Depp Depp Depp depp
Juliet Gardiner;lol Johnny doodling farm animals over there
You don’t know me;Johnny doesn’t even look he knows he’s right
Mery;Is she acting like Johnny or is just me
user7129475430515;Only 2 people like AMBER that is the reality
Kpop edits;@A.Muizz she literally lied by about getting sexualize and abuse by johnny
PAin.clAN;Johnny you. Slapped me
MANIC;Johnny looks amazing despite amber lying
Abby;When do Johnny’s lawyers question amber??
Carter_1823;OK SO UR CONTRACT WAS OVER. NOT BC OF JOHNNY.
@jasmineslovak1971;Depp all the way for the win!
The Healing Stone;@lifeofaboricua blacklist Amber Heard in Hollywood
Kieshakianna;What does her contracts have to do with the abuse she put Johnny depp through
aumcassie;WHATEVER COMEZ OUT OF THIS AMBER YOU WILL BE FOREVER KNOWN AS THE ACTRESS WHO SHIT ON HER BED. ...
Prince Dark;get your amber voodoo dolls here
allor2_32098;You’re such a liar Amberturd
Gabriela;johnny you just hit me
harrietoliviasanders;Can not wait for johnnys lawyers to question her
Kinsley Brooks46;#justiceforjohnnydepp
user1014572348579;#justiceforjohnnydepp
Salomé;TAKE a megapint amber hahaha
Bleh.;#JUSTICEFORJOHNNYDEPP
Luna;EVERYONE LIKE WHEN JONNY IS ON SCREEN AND STOP WHEN AMBER IS
Tabatha Sadler;Her lawyer really needs to stop objecting when all Amber is doing is telling the truth
Julie Baer818;LOVE YOU JOHNNY.   STAY STRONG
Nani;This whole case is a joke, Johnny we stand with you.
follow-sjjj;Amber Heard loves women I don’t know why she married JD
Cattaleya;jhonny depp siamo con te
AhmedAli_87;If u want johnny to win add so_foody on instagram
yoonca;johnny deserves better
Bonna Daullja;She’s not copying Johnny today with her glasses
Fitri Musa;We should boycott loreal if it extend Amber’s contract
Terri;justice for JOHNNY!!!!
Um…;My friend is on amber’s side
DisneyAdult66;haha Johnny still has Dior!
YOUR MOM;Johnny husband come back
luzzyar;Justice for Johnny !!!!
Pam J;Johnny my love strength
tammycolon933;I just  Me here t o see johnny
ooSHERRYoo;my heart aches for johnny depp
userliz;Can’t wait to see johnnys lawyers get hold of her
colejohn227;why is this important. slanders on Johnny not on her
Mxnk3;Notice how when depp was there peple we’re gifting and now that ambers here no gifts
Danielle Tatie Gendr;I can wate to see Johnny’s lawyer in action
sein600;cuándo le toca a los abogados de Johnny hacerle preguntas a ella?
lives9lives;……///////////////WHEN AMBER’S KARMA CATCHES UP WITH HER…//////////……..YIIKES
Argie;How can y’all say justice for Johnny without hearing everything.  That’s just horrible!
Pamelapamela5959;We see thru your BS Amberturd! Justice for Johnny
deannamontgomery58;the new pirates movie will flop without johnny
user5739436270195;Amber Laura #justiceplayer
user7129475430515;AMBER WILL LOSE BECAUSE HER LIES HAVE BEEN EXPOSED
Emma Tyler;What’s in the water bottle amber?!?!?
Pedro.zop;Johnny probably doesn’t have his glasses on kkkkk
Emma Göransson227;speculation Amber lol
Gemma Marie;they will never believe you Johnny
Eva;Omg amber heard I love you your so wonderful and not a liar
Anna Marie Schroeder;All the jobs she lost, but what about all of the jobs Johnny lost?
nat.sober;all my homies hate amber heard
ognana_420;how to be a liar ...amber 101
Ruthie Cain;What about Johnny he hasn’t been able do anything but Dior since she started all this. So what she
Silent learning;DOG SUE AMBER FOR LYING
Mary;Maybe you shouldn’t lie then amber !
Mochi ;@609oma Amber heard has dated other men as well so not just women :/
gabifresh;People asking the relevance- They are trying to prove Johnny smeared her name and she lost work.
RNC;Maggie robby is replacing johnny in the next pirates
yuliya;Justice for Johnny Depp
A_kenfawyy;@happy.joy.joy cause it’s obvious Johnny is not guilty
Alecxidk_;QN DIJO TEAM AMBER TE VI
gisgab020;Whoever is an Amber heard team then you’re done
Kris;Go buy mens Dior!!!!- they are making bank since they kept Johnny
mendonca536;Johnny lost way more money than you Amber
Marina Cioroianu;@elliechambers48 are you blind
Cynthia Espinoza239;Never heard of Amber until she married JD
Helen;Put the camera back on Johnny please
victor;2.2 mill likes for our boy johnny
Savagery;It’s obviously all Johnny’s fault
Edie Mooney;Did you think Johnny would just let it go
Beard Man92;hope you win johnny. love you.
Ironleapyear;Johnny Depp for President
Ethan Dinan;person asking questions in amberls
Laura Martin;When is Johnny’s team I asking her asking ?
Kimi Jabberwock;strength Johnny, we support you
ID;Justice for Johnny !!!!!
texas302;JOHNNY FOR THE WIN !!!!
user;justice for Johnny and bee!!!!!
l3x1e______;JUSTICE FOR JOHNNY DEPP HE WILL GET HIS FREEDOM
Jafet_89;amber mi patronaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
ID;If you love Johnny, press 444!!!!!
Lisa Corpeno;All Amber wants is Johnny money
cost.tracy;That is because of her not Johnny
Caroline Rose;team Johnny all the way
maf_ex;#justiceforjohnnydeep
clipzzz;DID I SEE SOMEONE SAY TEAM AMBER
Stephy Ng;SUPPORT AMBER = SUPPORT LIARS
Sierra;poor amber losing work
doot000000;I don’t like amber heard
maf_ex;#justiceforjohnnydeep
Angie.xx<3;Whoever is supporting Amber is practically supporting domestic violence
char;they’re talking about how much money she lost “bc of johnnys lawyers allegation”
excuseme;justice for Johnny, the bee, the carpet
brunette.aries;@happy.joy.joy Justice for Johnny
maf_ex;#justiceforjohnnydeep
Simone Simone;#JusticeforJohnnyDepp
enzo.appugliese;@noah.follow_back0 why u support amber?
Lili;@pureearthorganicskincare how do you know amber is the victim???
gisgab020;Sorry didn’t mean to say that but Johnny Depp didn’t even do anything so I don’t even know why y’all
Savagery;She’s so strong! #teamAmber
Simone Simone;#JusticeforJohnnyDepp
woeieuehenshbs;Amber can ruin my life too pls
avery metcalf;Talk about how in 2009, amber heard got arrested for beating up her girlfriend!!!!
DisneyAdult66;Team Johnny and Team Dior!
Stephy Ng;SUPPORT AMBER = SUPPORT LIARS
User Ellisecutewolf;@ethanmar_  why amber
Nikki Duncan;So Ok for Johnny to lose out on pirates 6 but not ok her losing out on aquaman franchise movies
Ang;Just admit it Johnny has more family more women in institutions and this is unfair trial
gloriaperea85;JOHNNY KING. AMBER LIER
HAChrist;great job , amber - i believe you
woeieuehenshbs;Amber can ruin my life too pls
Stephy Ng;SUPPORT AMBER = SUPPORT LIARS
Kade;what’s this got to do with her and johnny
jade;ayo theres someone in here who supports amber lmao what
woeieuehenshbs;Amber can ruin my life too pls
Tin@;AMBER AMBER AMBER JUSTICE!!!!!!
val;Johnny… YoU hIt mE :0
ooSHERRYoo;ummm ummmm lies amber stop the lies
nala_6199;Amber cmon now I really liked u before
Shannon Little;Amber heard ie definitely lying
Gabriela Pachas Campos;Johnny I love You.. Amber you are demonic
LunaLovegood;L’Oréal said NO AMBER IS NOT WORTH IT
woeieuehenshbs;Amber can ruin my life too pls
Pamelapamela5959;We see thru you Amber
Rhonda Baker;L’Oreal couldn’t keep hiding or covering her knuckles from beating Johnny!
woeieuehenshbs;Amber can ruin my life too pls
EllyceJohnson_420;When is Johnny going on the stand
gracie;believe women just not amber
Remona;not everything is about you amber
WAVY_SUNRISE;amber heard smells like fermented sausage
JeezeLouise;L’Oréal cancelled her contract, so if you stop buying them now, that’s supporting Amber
woeieuehenshbs;Amber can ruin my life too pls
Misty dawn;How is the op Ed not about Johnny omg seriously
Mathew;Who ever said justice for Amber adopted
Danielle;Loreal better hire johnny now
Onyx;Dr. Evil  chic is ambers look today
woeieuehenshbs;Amber can ruin my life too pls
user1885222261245;Go step on a bee Amber!
Tonkåbåbå;What is this dress on amber
Ella <3;Is Johnny talking today
johnloyde441;1 for Johnny 2 for Amber
im wierd on next level;Amber Heard should go to jail :)
Terri;she never hardly had offers anyway shes not a big star like Johnny
bella;amber doesn’t need to be guilty
sleepygirl0599;How about that money amber you were supposed to donate
Eireann Hignite;Im making depp merch lol
Marichol;Amber es una mujer pretética. Avergüenza el género femenino.
GoddessA922;All the people in Johnny’s side are total narcissist just like him
Nina Movsesian-Scarlett;She missed out of Johnny’s dough
MC;please full support for johnny
Lia Macall;I thought johnny won already
Gail77_2020;She is a nobody she got what she got because of Johnny
YOUR MOM;Amber fall in a ditch break your ankles
Simamao;WE LOVE YOU JOHNNY!!!
Shanay Quintero;who cares, she had nothing to lose, she was a nobody before Johnny
mr.rgarza;When is Johnnys lawyer going to question her?
user082580;So Johnny wishes to get 50 mil in damages/work, but Amber believes she’s worth 100 mil??!?
Horselover_345;WEEEEEEEE GOOO JOHNNY
nala_6199;Johnnyyy deserves justice
Stacy R;Amber the Narcissist. I think Biden is her speech writer
bettima;Whats ambers net worth? Does she even have that much???
everyone_is-amazing;she abused Johny deppt
.;Amber I want my wig:Jonny Aquaman
Oliwia and me besties;JUSTICE FOR AMBER HEARD
lives9lives;Hmmmm, so THOSE MAKING THE OFFERS DIDNT BELIEVE AMBER EITHER…….
Telma Martins;justice for sweet Johnny
YOUR MOM;WHERE IS JOHNNY BRING JOHNNY BACK WE DONT WANT HER SHES PROLLY HIGH
Stephy Ng;SUPPORT AMBER = SUPPORT LIARS
specialknocereal2.0;She’s been able to get work but Johnny hasn’t
Jennymb7;So she lost L’Oréal but Johnny lost Pirates and many more !! Oky Amber take care of your dog
stereoinferno;She’s lying again, THE STAND WAS CANCELLED. NOT AMBER
M.Jaeger7;Cash app $ MikeyLikey00 for Johnny Justice
Izzy;@tina_0477  Johnny is innocent
Summemes;Nah Johnny depp for the W
.;When is johnnys lawyers going to examin her?
McLOVIN;When are Johnny’s lawyers asking her
Kdiamond;So she did this to herself and now it’s Johnny’s fault? Lmao
user4018538815153;Does Johnny’s team get the same times for questions? Regardless of how long these questions take?
hej.tuKlaudia;Johnny ju hit mi!!!!!
Aerith;Like what is the point of this… bragging about how she still had a career unlike Johnny?
anon1887;If you’ve seen Amber’s acting you’d know she’s LYING
K4mR4i;She doesn’t deserve any work! If it wasn’t for Johnny Depp no one would know who she is!!
movie nerd;what are we gonna do if Johnny is guilty?
Ian Fuller963;Justice for Johnny depp
Tatiana x;justiceforjohnnydepp!!!!!!
Oliwia and me besties;JUSTCICE FOR AMBER HEARDB-D
Crystal King;Into the fire should fire amber
Natalie McLean;I’m sure they are both at fault in many ways. Some of the audios of Jdepp are pretty creepy
Dallas Mel;Shouldn’t have tried to destroy Johnny.
jasmin;yh burn in fire Amber heard
Iman;How is this relevant? Johnny lost even more
maf_ex;#justiceforjohnnydeep
_kostass;justice for johnny depp
:);it’s okay amber my dog stepped on a bee too
Katrina Ann Hill;@ella.xx.x.x Johnny is done with his testimony
Daniela Guerrero1987;only guilty one is amber
monkeys!!;Justice for Johnny bro
user82060207040;She surely gonna have a hard time now because everyone is team Johnny
user6415158536040;who would want to have Amber on any of of there adverts as she is a liar
Nicole._.p;Okay we’re all waiting to see Johnny just end that shit
Remona;you believe everything amber
Nani Montero Paulino;¡AVADA KEDAVRA FOR AMBER!
Savannah Merritt;Are people seriously saying team amber???
yea;AMBER HEARD BACKSHOTS.
Suleika R. Torres;You decide to publish an article to hurt Johnny, now you are hurt cause it but you back
CR7;#justiceforjohnnydepp
Yazzy;and I was "Johnny Johnny you ......"
Natasha;I want more of Johnny
eea.bumbar;Amber you are looking good in orange
Terri;she laughed at johnny for being om 21 jump street them said she in a TV series
XfaithXx12345;team Johnny all the way!
Nor Suy;AMBER HEARD IS DOG.....................
awedolledup;Karma doesn’t feel good, Huh Amber? Yiu made Johnny loose lots of work too.
Basha;Into the fire you go AMBER
noah;justice for Amberjustice for Amber
Ashlynn Piper;this is boring because when johnnys on the stand he at least makes jokes and it’s funny and ofc john
DisneyAdult66;Amber canceled her own career!
monkeys!!;bye amber just stop with the lies
Stephy Ng;SUPPORT AMBER = SUPPORT LIARS
Reina Reina;So basically she got famous from bashing Johnny
backdraftbeats;Starring Johnny Sins lmamooo
shortsismyname;Did you guys know that Amber “heard” she was abuse and narrowly survived
mercuryfruit;ILLUMINATI IS SCARED I HOPE AMBER EXPOSED
aynour;overall this is sad  ...  for Johnny if course
Melissa Ochoa;It’s bc Johnny isn’t strong arming people to hire you …. Witch
Lena K;Can’t believe I see “team amber” lol what’s wrong with people
Natalie Davis;I feel for Johnny she planned to destroy him that’s why she recorded certain fights but no hits
Mary <3;I want to drink mega pints of wine with Johnny
Zayla;Johnny DEPP WE LOVE U WE NEED ARE CAPTIN JACK SPARROW IM NOT WATCHING IT WITHOUT YOU IN IT
Constance;imagine johnny is just drawing stickmen or something
Alexia;johnny we love you so much
shortsismyname;Did you guys know that Amber “heard” she was abuse and narrowly survived
Nor Suy;AMBER HEARD IS DOG.......!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
YOUR MOM;GET HER OFF SHOW JOHNNY
Alisa Richmond;fire amber heard.  shes threw
Alexandra:);johnnys Team ask the question?
oyeahh17;Johnny we support u all the way
shortsismyname;Did you guys know that Amber “heard” she was abuse and narrowly survived
Yesenia Garcia;She wasn’t cover girl material even before Johnny
Judy <3;JOHNNY IS SO CHILL ILM
LaneyMae123456789;And have a dose of what you put depp through..
emo;blah blah yeah shuddup amberturd
Leilani Perez;CANCEL AMBER ON AQUAMAN
ph;when she got botoxs and blame johnny for it
Leilani Perez;CANCEL AMBER ON AQUAMAN
user9556481818593;Relevant bc Amber is countersuing Johnny
ashleyrenekasepch;boycott amber turds movies
Kaitlyn Verzi;Disney failed... I will not he supporting pirates 6 without Johnny
Leilani Perez;CANCEL AMBER ON AQUAMAN
Allison Karene;Let Johnny be on stand!!
Salomé;amber looks abnegation/divergent
LallafelZ;She is counter claiming against Johnny, that’s why she is trying to prove that she incurred damages
Ari;Cancel amber on Aquaman
Leilani Perez;CANCEL AMBER ON AQUAMAN
Klarissa;Team Johnny the whole way!!!!!
Keeping the best;No more Johnny, stop hitting me.
Nor Suy;AMBER HEARD IS DOG.....!!!!!
bettica_17;Amber Heard is a liar and evil.
1dkaname;Ambers story is so bloshy
provoker;LOOK AT MY PROFILE FOR MY VIDEO ON AMBER
Angie.AZ10;I’m new to this trial, is she suing Johnny for lost wages?
Funigal;johnny depp depp depp jonny depp johnny johnny depp
Leilani Perez;CANCEL AMBER ON AQUAMAN
indie and cookie;justice for johnny Depp
Kristen Hanson;Who’s defamation case is this hers or johnnys? Like tf??
Leilani Perez;CANCEL AMBER ON AQUAMAN
chelseafcfan.29.19;Amber your a shit show
Taylor Hennemann925;You slapped me Johnny
s;Im yet to see one proof that Johnny hit her
v4mpirx4 my roblox user <33;LOOLL JOHNNYS LAWYER IS DOING THE SAME NOE
Iker .;team Johnny anyway anyone gives 80 cents for an oreo in chat? my cashapp is $justiker.
Lvl 698420;I JUST WANT TO SEE JOHNNY DEPP
~Hannah~;Johnny is the best !!
Leilani Perez;CANCEL AMBER ON AQUAMAN
Katty3;Johnny Depp necesita a  Harvey Specter así gana sin ningún problema
user9556481818593;Bees are conferring about when to sue Amber
Ashollie Brauer;Aquaman has already stated they DO NOT WANT amber on their team.
Iker .;team Johnny anyway anyone gives 80 cents for an oreo in chat? my cashapp is $justiker
Piggy.;we are proving amber Amber Heard is very very guilty, guilty guilty guilty, Josie and Jay Jay Jay Ja
Luna;#teamjohnny4life!!!!!
Park Minji;I love johnnys attorney I swear
Leilani Perez;CANCEL AMBER ON AQUAMAN
Melannp;Who’s deformation trail is this??? Hers or Johnny’s
Iker .;team Johnny anyway anyone gives 80 cents for an oreo in chat? my cashapp is $justiker .
Crystal Crys831;She destroyed Depp but didn’t like it when the table turned.
Ro V81;the judge totally siding with Amber
..ailey;Give up doll Johnny’s gonna win
GoddessA922;LOL JOHNNY WILL BEAT YOU GUYS ALL UP
user2383279861678;Cast Johnny in Aquaman!
Paz Belen Sanchez Mo;yo. apoyo ah johnny deep
Hilton Elizabeth Hen;At least she got to do the movie. Johnny got dropped completely
calzzabruh;Imagine how Johnny feels losing his movies
Marinaclefer;#justiceforamberheard
TAY;JUSTICE FOR JOHNNY DEPO
Dizzygina;now knows how Johnny feels
beaucoeur13;Now she knows how Johnny felt when he lost jobs bc of her
carinaaa_lopezz;When she talks about herself shes so easy going but when it comes to Johnny eyes evil
_vxviii;What does that got to do with Johnny
user9556481818593;Amber so sad but we just don’t believe you
Necrotic;jus switch out amber heard nobody gonna miss her on aqua man 2
Suzie;Amber you were nobody until Johnny!
tinaelmoreharris;Now you know how Johnny felt
1dkaname;Amber must go to jail
Luna;You deserved it amber
Leilani Perez;LET JOHNNY PLAY IN AQUAMAN
s;Amber ruined her connection with all Hollywood studios hahaha
Quincy Buckley;IM SO OVER THIS TRIAL!!!! Johnny is the only one who is answering his questions without thinking
Anne Kearney;awk God love u JOHNNY lost everything
Bex;she should have been dropped like Johnny was by so many companies.
user9985601666359;Noones going to see it amber
Unknown;naaaah someone said justice for amber
user956410774996;they should have replaced her as Johnny was in fantastic beasts!
Misty Coats;And Johnny lost at least 2 major rolls…stay mad amber!
Stephanie Jara;a role. omg Johnny lost his character
Gayle Martinez;AMBER U ARE THE REASON JOHNNY LOST A LOT OF ROLES AND CASTS!!!! I STAND WITH JOHNNY
:p;johnny loses all his sponsers and amber just gets less scenes…
1dkaname;Visit my acc for amber heard content
emilie potter;johnny needs to showcase all of his drawings after this is all over
Keri Wall;Well Johnny lots all his rolls completely
stereoinferno;AMBER ISNT AGEING WELL
Savannah Merritt;Amber you gonna snort today?
caylenaa;They changed the script but you still in it. Johnny lossttttttt piratesssss
Terri;I hope she never gets q film again for what she has put johnny through
S;Is the judge on ambers side???
Madypapp;Is it still her team questioning or Johnny’s now?
ms. attitude;amber heard is a complete liar
breababes;Least they didn’t cancel you like they did Johnny
Kika;It’s worse for Johnny first of al
TAY;JUSTICE FOR JOHNNY DEPP
Leilani Perez;JOHHNY TO REPLACE AMBER ON AQUAMAN
Elizabeth Cresswe753;johnny we love you amber is crazy and playing games and we all know it
Mirna Magaña;No one will watch it as long as you are in it Amber!
Leilani Perez;JOHHNY TO REPLACE AMBER ON AQUAMAN
MissNaomii;aquaman 2, no one wants to see (makes a amber face)
tinaelmoreharris;Wow...Now you know how Johnny felt
big chillin;amber heard fighting in aqua man would look weird asf
Catherine Olls;say goodbye to Aquaman 2, Amber!
LaBron Lampkin;Amber why did your dog step on a bee
Faria Chowdhury581;JOHNYYYYYYYYYYYYYY DEPPPPPPPPPPPP FOREVERRRRRRRRRR
Anya;they cut down on your roll? boohoo they COMPLETELY took johnny out.
DisneyAdult66;yes Johnny could have benefited from an Amber Alert!
LunaLovegood;Johnny Depp’s lawyers do not play
Lila;WHY IS JOHNNYS LAWYER SO HOT
Leilani Perez;JOHHNY TO REPLACE AMBER ON AQUAMAN
Ang;She couldn’t because she got dragged into this and Johnny is a industry staple
em;amber’s lawyer seems so bad idk
A person;IM GONNA EAT OUT JOHNNY DEPP
Natalie.suarez01;Wow this women really wants to take up all the time possible just to not let Johnnys side go
Kika;JOHNNY DEPP LOST ALL HIS ROLES !!
pricillaburgoss;So what…  Johnny lost every thing
LydiaMaryRose;why isnt this case over already. Amber needs to be gone
ognana_420;bad acting 101 starring amber
Leilani Perez;JOHHNY TO REPLACE AMBER ON AQUAMAN
vic;Ambers lawyer is speaking * I forgot who asked but here’s your answer
Andrea Laidlaw;watch out here comes amber dump lol
Leilani Perez;JOHHNY TO REPLACE AMBER ON AQUAMAN
Jaiden Escarria;Johnny depp better when this
laura_monroyy;let the tears flow Amber 3 2 1
Faith;she ruined Johnny career
snessman;Aquaman will still be good without you!  Pirates would never be the same without Johnny!
user275939841732 ALI;When will Johnny’s councillor be interviewing Amber?
1digitshort2;If all ever fails Amber…. Shit on the carpet
Kristi Finley128;all I hear is how much money does Amber get
Josh;When is Johnny gonna talk
CP;JUSTICE FOR JOHNNY !!!!!!
Savannitty Maysonet;What about Johnny !? He’s completely black listed no one can work with him
esotic_passion;Johnny we are with you!
La Chikiita;The Judge its getting fed up with amber’s lawyer
ashleyrenekasepch;stop supporting amber the abuser
user9942835497567;AMBER HEARD THE THROAT GOAT
albertaevents;no one cares.. what about the severe impact on depp
user8794421393268;Now she knows how Johnny feels….well a little bit. He lost more than her.
Cami;this is ambers lawyer asking the questions
kelllz87xo;#cancelamberheardfromeverything
Jennifer Lods;When Johnny’s team ask Amber ?
ann;justice for Amber and all women they did not believe
For: The Weakest of Us;You mean like how you destroyed Depps career?
Nikole Millard;let not forget amber all this happenwd because of you to begin with.
Diana Thompson233;you keep saying you did everything to  protect Johnny,yet you purposely  took all those hidden video
lmaoldj;johnny is done talking
Moonshine Tee Co;AMBER TURDDDDDDDDDDDD
Cissy_Was_Here;the world sees your lies amber
Luna;all robloz gon be like ABC IF YOU SUPPORT JOHNNY and ABC IF U H8 AMBER lol
James B Ware;I heard she takes big depps
Seth Davis;Amber Heard seems disingenuous and strange
Venting;#justiceforjohnnydepp
Armanito El Taco;Such a big lyer this Amber Heard
agioseosforos;/cam_amber_cry_lyingbitch
Mvilla208;Johnny’s attorneys are gangster!!!
Yayo Jenkins Phillip;Costco is hiring Amber you can work
Steven stifler 1;l love you  jonny depp
Jessica Beltran;Dude when is it Johnny lawyers turn
Sara Hondoy Zelaya;Johnny HAS TO WIN THIS CASE! AMBER SHOULD GO TO A PSYCHIATRIST
HeyItsA;i think amber is just fighting for her pride and name since its obvious that she is lying
robbbysteves;AMBER TUUURDDDDD!!!!!!
user1685668293152;Lmao ok amber just give up you going out sad
Noah;Oh dont Cry Little amber
Jennifer Ashmore78;Thought her statements were on trial not what Johnny’s lawyer said.
Josielyn James;She slept with someone… duh! That’s how she got 10 minutes. It’s the Amber way
Adrianna C;AND WHAT ABOUT JOHNNY?
User1;Remember the script amber
Holly Pinson923;how do you think Johnny feels bro
user7817348872395;dont cry Amber we are with you..
Lucky Welker-Sipe;We need a movie!!!  Who should play Amber and Johnny??
Kayjay;Johnny has to relive it. He has to sit and listen to you.
Shannon Bresnan;Maybe because you deserve it. Painful things? What of the things you’ve done to Johnny
Lace06loo11;Amber couldn’t do press or shoots because of covid!
AlejandraLulu;when Johnny team is going to talk?
Ashlynn Piper;y’all realize that johnnys been through abuse before, he’s mom was sooo abusive so he knows.
For: The Weakest of Us;Yet perfectly fine to throw Depp under a bus?
HowardtheduckLmboa092;L amber L her statements
Adrianna C;AAAAAAND WHAT ABOUT JOHNNY?
elodie;So does Johnny sweetie
user7129475430515;AMBER CREATED THIS ALL BY HERSELF
Sophie;So now she knows how Johnny felt for years???!
Terri;johnny got kicked by Disney after all them years of sparrow lost Grindleward
Miranda;If Johnny doesn’t win this is rigged.
Autumn;Lol how does she think Johnny felt??
Baby cee;Johnny deserved better
Alexia;johnny y love you so much
Micaela;Now she knows how Johnny Depp feels
Nikki;Johnny literally missing a finger you look fine to me scar free
islandgirl_art;BUT YOU ARE MISS AMBER!!!!
surgeonslaps;Amber Jussie heard smollet.
Karaoke Zachary;This is horrible team amber
Kika;JOHNNY GOT IT WORSE, FIRST OF ALL
doodel_slob59;Why she copy depps outfit
Itah Fong;we woman should stand for amber
Sam;Tell them Amber I Amber Heard caused this to myself
Davanonlyone;stop looking at it. I mean she got over her other shit. she is a liar. how do think Johnny felt
user7150678327743;Amber stop trying to make ur self fry and the lies are above 100
Feelzofkill;what did johnny survive tho..
Kayleigh Manning;Johnny wants to move on.
Robin;boehoe govto jail amber you liar
Stephanie Ewing-Brown;LIAR YOU DONE THIS AMBER
Elisa Favilli;Ma quando saranno gli avvocati di johnny a fare comande?
Gaming Ninja997;I shit on da bed Johnny
dbkegan1;Johnny left her alone she is the one started shit
ArcanaPath;This isn’t a movie amber
Dave-O;Is there anyone who actually believes a word Amber says?!!
Welcome to my page!;JUSTICE FOR JOHNNY DEPT
Max;you said the same thing about Johnny if not worse
Ace Winchester;dude Johnny lives rent free in her mind
Denisse Lopez;I love Johnny hasn’t looked up once
user4155357475707;They way she put Johnny trough pain for YEARS. All based on lies!
Mhicaela;WHERE ARE THE TEARS AMBER
user7129475430515;AMBER YOU CREATED THIS SAGA YOU ARE THE PROBLEM YOU CREATED THE LIES
Elizabeth Aljus;johnny had to live with what you did for years
uyandahyaya1;justice for our Depp!
KirstyK705;Yep and you will. KARMA is a biotch Amber
You Tell Me;Hard to remember lies huh Amber
Emma Jane Henders;oh get over yourself amber
user5566284370884;I am curious to know who abused her after she got divorced with Johnny
CHlove;please stop leaving Johnny
Dark princess;Remember amber you need to cry.
ja;Johnny you Just hit me
Cindy Johnson;Yes for JOHNNY,  Not U
ToyotaAvensis99;Me me me…. What about johnny amber? Did you think about him?? His kids, family.. no you didn’t
Harry Roberts815;Hahahah she copying Johnny security
Yesenia Hernandez;How did Johnny fall for this women
Gail C Weiner;Oh Amber you made it worse
Mestly;POS move on y deja a Johnny Alone
Wendy;Johnny you just hit me
Eh;This is such a joke. Asking depp “Why he did that” as she’s the one the started all this
user7129475430515;Amber now the world hates you congratulations
Savannitty Maysonet;Fighting for sympathy when Johnny deserves it
jesstwardowski;all the texts leaked stats that she always contacts johnny
She Bilacaol;Don’t cry amber. It’s your fault in the first place
Melts21;Get your tissue out amber
Dez;She thinks THIS is torture!? Imagine what Johnny is going thru
Water;2023 Leading female oscar nominee: AMBER HEARD ..
user1537901891828;where are your tears Amber
Snooky;An the academy award for best actor is...   Johnny Depp coz she was locked in the bathroom
Gaya;Baby ! Cry baby Amber!!!!!!
Rufus24gu;Johnny Depp is innocent
jessiethe1993capricorn;DISNEY REPLACED JOHNNY FOR MARGOT
Rose Mooney;Johnnys lawyers gonna get you
Danielle;Johnny ain’t impressed w her acting
Kayjay;The guy behind Johnny is watching amber. Lol
August;Johnny got drip I can’t lie
Catherine Olls;you started this Amber
Pearlyn Cheng;Has she thought about it when she made the claim about johnny? Gosh
Ariel;Johnnys probably so embarrassed he even messed with her
Lollydnola;Cry me a river  amber
Noor;Johnny litarly said nothing I miss his voice AAH
Ryan;DONT LOOK AT HER JOHNNY
undefined;Johnny is like blah blah blah
Dustin Jensen;She says recess and the act is over for amber
Sam;Johnny says you did this are u happy
Jack;Amber started this lol
Thebexsweet;oh dear Amber you started it
lu;amber it’s scary like osh
Thaniia Garcia Martinez;Johnny don’t move on get your justice
Angie.O_o;Johnny most likely has CPTSD and for him it was torture to have to relive the abuse Amber
Char;JOHNNY IS AMAZIBG HE DESERCES ALL PUR LOVE
Karolína Rajová;JOHNNY DEPP IS WINNER
Anithia T;johnny yyy....my fav actor.... i hope u in the right
Hannah Clancy107;I love Johnny so much
broadface_mikayla;Look at Johnny lawyer lmao
S1t_down_shut up;Objection amber heard is MEGA GAY
nick fig;IF AMBER LOSING SAY ONG
Michelle Bowman;LOVE HOW JOHNNY AVOIDS HER AT ALL COST
Idkguess;The way Johnny stood to the side to not face her
Veronica Poston;JOHNNY DEPP IS INNOCENT
Terri;acting poor amber pfft she did all this destroyed johnny now pretending to cty
user1712459043568;poor johnny is like why did i choose her!
Samantha;Stop looking at our man amber
user7129475430515;AMBER MOST HATED IN UNIVERSE
o.o;Why do they let her talk but now Johnny depp?
Auntie_square_peg;come on Johnny you got this man.
Janelyxo;You want this to move on but accusing Johnny WEIRD FLEX
Thedivinesummer90210;I believe her. Johnny is evil
Caroline Sims;girl  try to boy trap  Johnny
ladyofnyx;I feel like people who are team amber are just like her
Carissa Love;Great job Amber A+ for acting
jessiethe1993capricorn;DISNEY REPLACED JOHNNY FOR MARGOT
Megan Connor956;Back acting amber you are a joke!!
Lvl 698420;Wow Amber went from crying to not in a second
Nobody;why was Johnny facing the other way? to avoid her?
ProSandra8877;Johnny have the right to cry, Not you Amber !!@
Remona;we believe you Johnny
polarcub93;poor johnny he looks he needs a bath
Stephy Ng;JUSTICE FOR JOHNNY DEPP
Annaly_tial;She wants to move on after ruining Johnny like
user6622182713898;Johnny could have done so much better
Angelina;Ouch my ears this noise is almost worse than hearing amber fake cry
!;we don’t care amber #teamjohnny
christinelburns ;now she wants to be left alone when she wrote article to ruin johnny
Rebecca Tarin552;Yet she was the one who decided to write an article. Don’t you think johnny wanted to be left alone!
t;se viste igual que johnny
user1685668293152;It’s looking real bad for amber should’ve stopped playing games
Mary;There’s even a call of Johnny telling her to drop it and she refuses too
qweenbee5150;I wonder if Johnny took a shower today
your mother;Notice how she has the same grey on as Johnny
Mina Joseph;Johnny depp depp depp Johnny depp depp depp
Brian;And Scene great job acting Amber see you in 15 minutes for take 2
romeo;amber we need tears ok... 3.2.1.action!
Lucky.;Johnny looks so cool even in court
jessiethe1993capricorn;DISNEY REPLACED JOHNNY FOR MARGOT
thatskycricket;POV: Wgat Ambers brain sounds like
amie;LMAOO they’re waving at Johnny
Char;I love this so much tbh Johnny be destroying her
Eliah Bayer;Everyone put #TeamJohnny
N;Aw they are all waving to johnny
Ro V81;All the waves for Johnny
NewMoon;JOHNNY WON ITS A WRAP
Jennifer Burleson Broome;johnny waving to the people as the cheer!
Romi;I love how they wave at Johnny lol
Josiah;Jonny pls stand up to amber
akimovadiana;Johnny!!!!! We love you
Doris;Amber ser despreciable
Noel Faith;I can’t wait for johnnys lawyer
Jayme;NOW ITS JOHNNYS ATTORENYS TURN
selina;ah the gallery waving to Johnny
Yece;Everyone in there love Johnny lol look at them
clmessick;i love all the love for johnny
•/•;They went on break because amber started to “cry”
grasya orense;i just hope this ends soon.. Johnny is tired of her lies
Alexis Christine;One two Johnny’s legal team is coming for you…
hailey b raps;For amber to win there just needs to be evidence that Johnny abused her once
BootlegRascal;justice for johnny deep
user4789347429173;Omg gotta drop an amber! Hahaha
marketer.tovar;Goo Johnny Goo Johnny
Dani Estrada360;go Johnny go! Johnny B Good!
user082580;Amber hates karma!! Lol
Type_rogue_official;Amber heards whole case was objection hearsay
E;JOHNNY I LOVE YOU MAN
Ivania;Team Johnny all the way man
kyra;Team Johnny all the way but she’s a joke just get it over with and say Johnny won
Guilty_on_12_Counts;johnny ruined his own career & it should have ended decades ago when he proved his v1olence
Kobe;Johnny waving yo the fan club,  what a joke.
M K;Johnny Depp is a good man
annieburgess7777;we all love you Johnny
BxttxmBeach;Johnny Ma Bro!!! We believe in itttt
Telma Martins;what a Patience to ear amber...
Hailie Ortiz;I think Johnny is going to win
son_goku;HAHAHA YOUR FACE AMBER
Sarah Williams;When are depps team due to question?
RedScar330;ambers such a performer
user;Johnny suite oversized
jessiethe1993capricorn;DISNEY REPLACED JOHNNY (JACK SPARROW);FOR MARGOT
Koellmer;Everyone grow there hair out in movement for Johnny
Jonathan;EVERYONE SIGN THE PETITION TO REMOVE AMBER FROM AQUAMAN 2
Brittney;Stay Strong Johnny, Justice is coming
ginadivina4;Team amber are freaking retorted
Josielyn James;Everyone go grab your popcorn!!! Johnnys lawyers are about to go HAM
Rocío Perdomo;Latinoamérica te apoya Johnny
Maggie Jaskulski;Johnny you got this!!
Sharisse Lee;People who are with amber would never understand a victim!!!!!
Maggie’s Mom;So she barely survived Johnny? Where are the pics of near death?
lmaoldj;johnny team might talk to amber now but johnny himself is done
Char;I LOVD JOHNNY SO MUCH
Tina Resh285;No tears!! As she continues to look at the jury ..& Sneak peak towards JD direction . Oh Johnny
woeieuehenshbs;Amber ruin my life pls
FunnyIan;liar liar Amberliar liar Amber
<3;Amber knows she’s gonna lose the trial she has no proof
Swagmen:);LMAOOO “what ambers brain sounds like:”
jessiethe1993capricorn;DISNEY REPLACED JOHNNY (JACK SPARROW) FOR MARGOT
Kelly;Everyone’s there for Johnny!!!!
Julie Tate;How can anybody on here be on Amber heard side I just can’t stand it so sorry did you believe lies
Kayla;love you johnny! we got your back!
FeliciaAmazon;WhAmbulance for WhAmber
Haley;that shii crazy asf amber a horrible actor and horrible liar #teamjohnny
Forgot my old pass;Johnny isn’t good. Amber is Queen
colette music;Johnny is definitely winning!!!!
user7129475430515;I CAN NOT BELIEVE THAT ELON DATED AMBER SHE HAS NO STYLE
Butteater_37;Team ambers hope y’all get beat up too actually
No;Objection hearsay every single thing she says too amber
B A I L E Y;i thought Johnny won?
Valerie;JUSTICE FOR JOHNNY PLEASE
Mazey1951;Team Amber you are going down!
Diego Jimenez;la víctima de Amber jajajaa
Passionatewoman;we love you amber.. stay strong
jessiethe1993capricorn;DISNEY REPLACED JOHNNY (JACK SPARROW) FOR MARGOT
BIKER M1NG;ano na amber kaya paba
Jasmin;So depp lawyer not gonna ask her nothin
Klisandra Acevedo;When the jury waves bye to Johnny
user7101716580253;Te queremos Johnny te queremos, te queremos Johnny
lorilei78;I’m an hour away Johnny
Brittani Lapointe;Did I seriously just see a team amber
blantonkayla92;Team Johnny all the way
I like piggy a lot;Amber mid < Johnny Depp
Ray;This is going for too long then it should have we all know Johnny isn’t the bad guy here
Evie C;Praying for you Johnny depp thank you for your existence and making my childhood more bareable
Kim Y;Johnny waving to his fans lol do these women not have jobs ?
juliaaa;Amber lives in her own movie bruh
EVO7_4G63;BEST DJ AMBER HEARD EVERYBODY
Jennie;TEAM JOHNNY HERE IN THE UK
user4449439790565;Anyone saying they are “team Amber” is clearly delusional!!! Nothing she has said has been true!!
MusicUnites21;We can see right through her lies she’s upset she’s about to lose what she stole from Johnny
jessiethe1993capricorn;DISNEY REPLACED JOHNNY (JACK SPARROW) FOR MARGOT
RubySue;Kim Jong outfit,,,,move 2 North Korea Amber
Beth;I feel terrible for Johnny but I’m so glad everyone gets to see how awful amber is
bay;wait which one is ambers lawywer? someone help
Speed Racer;Johnny, you’re #1 bro. Nobody believes that lying narcissist
Tiffany K.B.;sign the petition to remove Amber heard from aquaman 2!
LHZ;johnny johnny yes papa
MARVEL Family;Johnny Depp of the gods
johnny0282;Johnny johnny yes papa
privat.suzana;JOHNNY WE ALL LOVE YOU
THE_HONEST_MF;JOHNNY LOVE YOUUUUUUUU
Deja.vu;@bff_fariys4eva depp*
Angel;Y’all sending death threats to Amber Heard is only going to make people feel bad for her
MiniReaper-Joe;justice for Johnny dep
Catia Montana;AMBER IS MAKING ME TIRED WITH HER ACTING, WE DIDNT EVEN KNOW IT WAS HER IN AQUAMAN OR MAGIC MIKE
kinzieraekellum;Get ready to see the real amber during cross yall
anon1887;Okay but who is amber looking at the whole time the jury?
privat.suzana;JOHNNY WE ALL LOVE YOU
..Ava..;Rasie your hand with an emoji if your on johnnys side!!!
Natasha Mermoud;Do you know when depp’s lawyer are interviewing?
Rocío Perdomo;Te amo , I love Johnny
Eduardo Cisneros Per;@sarahjj85 TEAM AMBER
..Ava..;Rasie your hand with an emoji if your on johnnys side!!!
GoddessBloo;Johnny we here support you!!!
user1388516909094;She wants Johnny to move on ….  Guess what love I think he has
privat.suzana;JOHNNY WE ALL LOVE YOU
erickflores;$Erick7flores someone cashapp me some momey to buy Johnny some flowers when this is done
Jamiez Welland;luv ya johnny from Australia
Today;I swear Johnny already won
privat.suzana;JOHNNY WE ALL LOVE YOU
..Ava..;Rasie your hand with an emoji if your on johnnys side!!!
Warrior Queen (Queen;people who said "team amber heard" yuck you all support an abuser and who has been manipulating you
Andrea Myers;Cashapp $amyers0401 team johnny lol im hungry
..Ava..;Rasie your hand with an emoji if your on johnnys side!!!
Drea Barajas;AMBER YOUR GOING TO GET WHAT YOU DEFINITELY DESERVE
Olixtreme;Amber heard is a legend with the egend
privat.suzana;JOHNNY WE ALL LOVE YOU
mako/kora;i love you Johnny depp
..Ava..;Rasie your hand with an emoji if your on johnnys side!!!
Terri;proof of her abusing three people still gets away with it no actual proof of johnny abusing anyone
weeneegee;when amber cry : ........ ??
tobecontnuedl8r;Johnny is just playing his little games
user1997080488996;Amber Heard you should ask your cross dresser Elon Musk for the 50 million. for keeping Elon secret
KellyBear96;Who actually believes Amber
<3;pf I really want this to be over, and see Johnny  free
NeonDepresso;Amber heard reminds me of a Karen-
..Ava..;Rasie your hand with an emoji if your on johnnys side!!!
user4620340274330;#Justice for Jonny Depp
user7129475430515;I CAN NOT EVEN Wtch Amber
hailey b raps;If she wanted to move on she would have done this privately like Johnny said not tell the world
Samantha May;Amber Heard is a LIAR
Younggangg;@kinzieraekellum wym real amber
Emma Cooper;@karensita_51 amber trying to win a Oscar
Guilty_on_12_Counts;I wonder who johnny is going to hurt next
user7746169022988;im just wasting for Johnny
Pop_DiSs;Johnny had a baby with her
James B Ware;ambers microphone is on damn she can snort a big one huh
Elizabeth Vorster;Tell you what, Johnny spent a pretty penny for this media campaign against Amber
user7129475430515;I CAN NOT EVEN WATCH AMBER
Erika Garcia;We already want to see the end, justice for Johnny and jail for that liar.
SimplifyByAnne;Anber Heard is a disgusting human being #AmberHeard
macey;MY DOG STEPPED ON A BEE ON NO AMBERS CRIPPLED I SEE
ProSandra8877;Team Johnny , germany is behind you
Miss Kitty;I hope Johnny gets to help he’s so desperately needs.
Aliesha Jackson;bring up life before Johnny SHOULD BE FASTER
dykt0n7yg1b7;Johnny desde barranquilla  Colombia  te apoyamos eres todo un caballero
Meagan Snow;Can’t have pots without johnny
Destiny Verniece;Johnny And Amber Prayers
dariel <3;we all know amber is lying but if the judge says she’s lying and Johnny is not guilty Johnny can sue
user2703599430711;johnny wanted to move on as well. but you said what you said and did what you did, so here we are.
Xetlz3842;Who said justice for amber
Terri;amber makes me so angry how can she get away with all this glad some people are seeing her
Muhd Khidhir;team johnny all the way
Guilty_on_12_Counts;leave her alone johnny
Chilatole;porque la justicia norteamericana permite que locos como Amber Heard den testimonio
user;Johnny colonel sanders suite
Prince Dark;anyone else waitin to feast on amber tears
Emma Cooper;@acexjunabee no not her and Johnny the bloke she had a affair with while with Johnny
Aesthetic.Girl.Sophie;Amber is gonna be done for chopping his finger so she better own up
hailey b raps;Johnnys attorneys will catch her in her lies
Miss Kitty;Come on, Johnny’s going to lose! I hope he gets the help he so desperately needs.
Yuni Rahman;Johnny! you are the winner
Nerdmom83;brushing teeth and then watching amber go down
terasadower;team johnny all the way, she is the reason women are not believed.
Funigal;someone should play thr johnny depp song outside court
liezlwahl335;JOHNNY, I BELIEVE IN YOU.
parham252;WE LOVE YOU JOHNNY!!!!
Bella23 ;Team Johnny! I hope he wins !
tobecontnuedl8r;Johnny Depo is just acting and loving the chaos
Muhd Khidhir;amber lies will come to an end sooner or later
Renee;I love you Johnny, you are my hero and always in my dreams. Johnny you know how much I love you?
Bryceedes Aguirre Ch;Oh Amber we dont like you anymoreeee
Jennifer Morgan;Team Johnny forever amber heard is a liar and a fake
Michelle Marie;Johnny Depo and Amber Heard bringing us together …
11_Lani_11;does anyone ACTUALLY support amber? must be a joke
Charizard_cave;15 minute break so Amber could go go sniff sniff
lorilei78;I’ve been waiting to see what Johnny’s lawyer does
Freya Harvey;Jingle bells, ambers smells, amber told a lie!
Meagan Snow;Unless Amber produces her mountains of evidence
justiceforJOHNNY;Amber will get what she deserves.
zoe_sosa;does johnny go back up there?
people2people2;Is anyone buying what amber is saying?
Prince Dark;OH HOW AMBER HAS FALLEN
user7129475430515;JOHNNY I  BELIEVE YOU AND YOUR HONEST WORDS
Ellen Young795;Team Johnny!! We live in Kentucky too!!
user100073726822663729;Go Johnny! U got this!!
sunflower_2805;Amber needs some help
Jaysin Nightengale;Johnny is not the only one! Men suffer too!
Julie Mae;@violet_titus is it johnnys lawyer next ?
sunflower_2805;Amber is full of lies
user3089798814775;hes so obsessed with amber
Krystal Alicea492;I’m on Johnny’s side team Johnny
drea;Johnnyyyy we’re here for you
marylou rowe;Johnny is just pouring his mega pint
<3;say w if your a Johnny fan
yours;bruh who is for amber just got brainwashed
Alexia;amber y sus lágrimas de cocodrilo
user5988474345859;Is amber back on after break?
Water._.manipulator15;ITS NOT JOHNNYYYYY, ITS AMBER SHE IS SUCH A BAD ACTORRRR
user7129475430515;2 people only like AMBER
user9715055586726;she never had bruises from johnny!!! all injection sites
Emma Cooper;When’s Johnny lawer got her
yours;who loves amber got brainwashed
margaret murdoch;Johnny’s layers will soon get the truth out of her
justiceforJOHNNY;Johnny is right handed...the red on her face was on her right....does not match
devyn;anyone who supports amber is clinically insane
Karie Raymond;Is that a picture of Amber standing over Johnny??
Jane Barlow;Hi I hope Jonny depp wins the court case
Lol;U GOT THIS AMBER WE KNOW UR INNOCENT WE BELIEVE IN UUUUUUU
user082580;Amber has a case of the Mondays….
Gem;Amber is just a drama queen!!
C;when is johnnys turn to talk?
Talia;Are johnnYs lawyers asking the questions now ??
GLAMMA;Shes such an amber lol
Eli;@tiffany_madeline let him eat tail amber
Valery Satkowski;@laurie.love17 nah I’m from Kentucky! Johnnys home haha. I’ll just be getting started
Artymiss42;does everyone here believe johnny is totally innocent w no lies???
Jess Herley;@artymiss42 no, I don’t but I most certainly do not believe Amber
Maryam;Amber is going to cry real hard even to the smallest questions
Dizzy;@georgiaann1517 nah, but amber finnally presented some compelling evidence
MummabearJ;@nickgilmore43 Johnny’s te asking amber questions
Zxlm95;But I think amber did more damage
Maryam;amber one minute she was crying next minute she was all aggressive
Cheryl Harris;Amber is text book narcissist...with evil and violent tendency
Crazy Dog mom;Team Johnny all the way
Mari;@georgiaann1517 amber instigated a lot
Sheri;Amber is going to faint
Valerie Wasilwa;Damn Johnny supporters do not play
Elizabeth;Amber isn’t even ready for Camille
Ariana;My fav movie from Johnny depp is “Blow “
Zoë;Camille is gonna dogggg walkk amber!!!!
Angela St. Julien;Johnny has his family here rooting for him
Bianca Chiara;EVERYBODY SEND PRAYERS AND GOOD VIBES TO JOHNNY AND HIS TEAM!!!
Kirstenjohnson1994;@valeriewasilwa ambers team will question amber 1 more time
Kozak;Look at ambers demeanor in the other trial, wheres that energy??
Kelly;At least Elaine riled Amber up before cross and her mad
Elizabeth;I hope Camille drags amber down
L;That’s her on the bottom of the logo. Johnny on top
sarahv;Hope amber has her depends diaper secure
ckmarley;Is Amber having an episode
Smiles;AMBER IS ABOUT TO BE CRUSHED ON CROSS
Jenna Toth;Just type Johnny depp trial on YouTube and the live will pop up
user7129475430515;Amber wants to live for free, to live in penthouse cheat with men & chicks do dr*gs her plan, paid4
user7129475430515;ELON GET BACK WITH GRIMES, ELON HELP OUT JOHNNY, ELON YOU CHEATED THE WORLD KNOWS
user7129475430515;I CAN BELIEVE THAT ELON DATED AMBER
user7129475430515;Amber wants to live for free, to live in penthouse cheat with men & chicks do dr*gs her plan, paid4
user7129475430515;Amber suing Johnny for $100 Million, she started the fights& taping because she wanted Johnny angry
Sheri;I bet ambers going to faint and be taken away
Dino Graves;The delay is Joe Biden stopped by to sniff ambers hair
Ella of Frell;I would be excited just sitting feet away from johnny
tornadolover77;Johnny just happily drawing
Esnällaaaa;We should help the bee sue amber
sharon R248;Team johnny from holland
Demi;Cross is when depp’s lawyers examine her
crystalecam;cross is when Johnny lawyers ask the questions
Vixen;objection cancel amber
Anna B Collections;she keep looking at Johnny
kvothethebloodless7;@kayleespeers Johnny’s lawyers get to ask her questions now and prove his claims against her
Carlos Rocha;Cross exam is when Johnny lawyers question everything amber has said
Mal;can we hear LETS GOOOOO JOHNNYYYYYYYY
Kool..Aid_lover;johnny depp all the way
Cassieee_420;@tabithaplunk5 same shit lol, amber talking in circles.
CatherineRAuthor;I love that Amber has to sit there.
megan_cadman;@keannaw765 Johnnys lawyers basically grill her
Angela St. Julien;Johnny on a serious tip, how are you eating all these gummies. I have a belly ache eating these.
Jay;Amber will win this case by fooling the jury, mark my words. They will fall for her tricks and lies.
Kate Fineran;Crazy lady’s hair looks good today tho. #teamjohnny
Kyle;blue hearts for Johnny
Clementines Mom;I heard Johnny wants to retire from acting after this
Maddie v;blue hearts for Johnny
POV.ITZADINA;JONNNNYYYYY DEPPPPPPP
emma_grace1;Can’t wait for x ! But !!! Johnnys lawyers won’t be harsh but they will be clever !!!
Kool..Aid_lover;LETS GO JOHNNY DEPP ALL THE WAY
Kellsey Avery;I can’t wait to see what the cross examination holds. I am ready for amber to slip up.
Ace1960;Not supposed to be on social media Amber typed
Kaye;Don’t y’all feel anything for Amber?!!!!
Kayla Johnston819;someone buy johnny a mega pint when he wins
Cassaundra Cimino;She keeps staring at Johnny
Kyle;BLUE HEARTS FOR JOHNNY
kelley.forestell;I hope johnny depp wins
s;Justice for Johnny depp
Briana;why is she staring at Johnny
Eldon Maxwell;Why she keep looking at Johnny?!?!
Dawit Simon;Cross examination is when Johnny team go at her with questions to try and prove her allegations fals
Lynn Mackenzie;Karens keeping her eyes on amber
Roseannemadison;No drugs today amber ?
Amanda_Bama2.0;Amber needs to serve time for lying many times and for defamation of character
TC_;she’s like hurry up so i don’t have to look at johnny anymore
Amahle Dlamini;Time for Johnny’s lawyers to ask the questions
CatherineRAuthor;I think it’s awesome how Johnny is just not acknowledging her presents.
Anasia Ellis;i feel like after this johnny deserves muffins and a mega pint of wine
John B;Love how she keeps looking at Johnny
Papacha07;JHONNY WE BELIVE YOU EVERYTHING SAYS AMBER IS A LYIER
Prashan;amber is drop dead gorgeous
JazzyzSnazzyz;Why does she keep copying what Johnny is wearing to court.
Kaye;I feel sorry for amber
Bridgett Ambriz;Any Johnny fans I’ll be posting captain jack sparrow dolls!!!!!
kitty;Amber buuuuuuu buuuuuu buuuuuu buuuuuu buuuuu
grace&hope;amber did her research and looked at social media
Luke_T;Johnny playing Runescape right now
Clunkes;Why is Amber next to the judge
user7129475430515;Amber wants to live for free, to live in penthouse cheat with men & chicks do dr*gs her plan, paid4
Em;What would happen if Amber wins ???
tinaelmoreharris;Stay strong Johnny...We Love You
ANYWAYS;#JUSTICEFORJHONNYDEPP
Sofia;Amber has calmed down with the acting
yo... Adrienne;An article just popped up on NewsBreak saying Amber was quoted saying the trials not on JD side
Chloe;Johnny is 58 years old.
Sweetly_April;I don’t see how they can use ambers audio when she controls the narrative
Pamelapamela5959;Amberrrrrrrr we can see thru your BS!
Brenda Lee Dickens;Johnny I need a meg a pint of what your having lol love yeah
ItsXav;Justice For Johnny Depps middle toenail
Scott Elwell;so, is amber single or what
Tina Neely Nesbitt;I miss CryBaby Johnny!!
p.sivam;when amber will be cross examined??
user7129475430515;Amber suing Johnny for $100 Million, she started the fights& taping because she wanted Johnny angry
notmolliefarrell24;literally how is amber not in jail yet she is literally lying
lisaG;AMBER IS AN EVIL BEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!
Carter_1823;I’d love to see the masterpiece that johnnys working on lol
user3082197614604;SLAAAAAAYYYYY MISS AMBER
juliafollett11;Johnny for the win like the live if you want Johnny to win
user606094;amber would not win no matter what
Sarah Boulavsky;i don’t think either one of them are innocent, but amber is crazy
leii;I thought Johnny was playing fnaf
grace&hope;Give a Blue Heart for Johnny Everyone
emma_grace1;Love how Johnny just zoned out and draws !
user2037378946745;Johnny Depp Depp Depp
Righthander44;Johnny Depp starring in "Disinterested"
Catalina Martine4905;all the people, is with johnny
Rxssly_sama;amber is up to something in that corner
Anasia Ellis;i wonder if she sneaks glances at johnny
V;Amber won        This nuts!!
Carly Graham;amber mentioning the makeup proves she has been online
Alexis Yvonne;amber heard needs to be slapped now x
raifaka;Argentina .todos con jhony depp
user7129475430515;The reality Amber no one had ever heard of you, you got with Johnny for Hollywood connections
Cally Jackson;everyone raise a mega pint for team Johnny
Nate;JUSTICE FOR JOHNNY DEPPPPP
Jordan;Why is Amber hissing?
Cella;I don’t think either will win. Johnny will come out of this very well .
Ellis;Talking about how much shit Amber turds talking
dawnobee;Amber lookin like dr.evil with that coat LOL
lovemedicalspa;does johny Depp have ticktok??
.;JOHNNY DEPP DEPP DEPP JOHNNY DEPP DEPP JHONNY JOHNNY DEPP DEPP DEPP
Jane Barlow;Hi I hope Johnny Depp wins this court case
tinaelmoreharris;Justice for Johnny Depp....
lafujoshiotaku;Amber watafak you doing
Abi Hosey;Quit call him cute he’s grown. Hate amber tho
Nicole Diane Factuar;amber in the hot seat
Georgia Koulouvardi;Jo jo jo johny depp depp johny johny depp
JOHNNIE Prideaux;Justice for Johnny Depp
Tammy Lynn;Wait did that say amber won?? How?? She wasn’t cross examined yet
.-.-.-.-;depp depp depp johnny johnny dep dep johnny johnny dep
sofu;Hey Amber, what ya thinking???
Tor;Is anyone team amber lool I think not
Maria Alexandra;justice for johnny!!!!!
sejal kumari;Amber’s lawyers are done asking questions. Whats gonna happen next ?
aleah;#justiceforjohnnydepp
Shadow>you;She keep looking at Johnny
loveleenrodrigue5;Team Johnny ! Team Johnny
Moonlight;Someone said “tEAm AmBeR”
Moonlight;Someone said “tEAm AmBeR”
Fatimah;Imagine having to sit across from her I feel bad for Johnny
?;@zainerichmond1 NOT team amber
CameraRollMemePage.3;All my boys hate amber heard
Carcarann87;team amber your a joke
poppysmalz;anyone else wanna cuddle Johnny?
Tammy Lynn;Why are people saying amber won
hellomotto999;Here comes the cross!!! Been waiting a week for this! #justiceforjohnny
Lisa Silvester McKen;Johnny smells like cigs
Tammy.;Sounds like the tears Amber wishes she had.
Moonlight;Someone said “tEAm AmBeR”
Alex Grace;Wait did someone just say team amber?! Noooo
tori.lanes;AMBER DID NOT SLAYYYY FOHHH
Nadine Wijngaards;We all know that johnny will win
C.B;Amber is just sitting there lol
tancretigolfing;Johnny Depp and Amber bother beat each other, both at fault.
...;@ricardosanchez1228 ummmm why tf team amber lol????
Janeth’s Party Supplies;Amber face and peaking
Luffytaro;Amber heard is heard tue jurdge
Larisa Castellano643;What is Johnny doing?
itsmehkayde2;Praying for Johnny depp
bozo;Amber heard is getting abused and nobody believes her
Yolanda Galindo46;Mexico stands with Johnny depp!!!!!!!!
Mila spano;Amber heard should go to jail
Melanne;I wanna see what Johnny is drawing
sidarozveren;People who support amber exist???
hailey b raps;They’re talking about amber because she shit on the chair and they don’t know what to do now
JOHNNIE Prideaux;I stand for Johnny Depp
ariruiz735;ya valió madres amber
nocomment;Justice For Johnny Depp
Rxssly_sama;Johnny busy drawing something
Dj HardBeatz;Ambers got skids pass it on
Maiki;HE SLAPED ME ACROSS THE FACE AND I TURNED TO HIM JOHNNY YOU JUST HIT. E YOU JUST HIT ME!
seeteedominique;JONNYYYY DEPPPP FOR LIFEEE
DawsonBlum;Amber you getting kinda nervous over there?
syaoutfits;johnny’s winning right? can’t watch its giving me anxiety
welcome;team Johnny all the way
Delilah;DID AMBER STEP ON THEBEE?
JessieLately;How many days or weeks does each person get??? Johnny Depp has already been.
christy agnew;Watch amber fold in her lies in the cross examination
Izzy beeby;Not Johnny just chillin while amber stares
bozo;Amber herd is getting abused
Gemini89;Amber about to get destroyedddddddddddddddddd
gabriel farfan;johnny is still drawing
nezuko;I swear Johnny hit mee
Idk what I’m doing here;I wonder what Johnny is drawing
Kendra_is_me;I LOVE YOU JOHNNY WHOOOOO
Eqco;What’s Johnny looking at?
Mark A. Ashby;Is it rainy I don’t see the rain coming down oh wait Amber said it was more b/S from her
Em;I thought Johnny already won
N0e11e;Amber be thinking of what she should say
Michael Butterworth;that amber came out sideways
Tik Toker;Amber thinking of who she’s going to shit on next
Mohammed Nazeem;TEAM AMBER BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA JUST KIDDING TEAM JOHNNY ALL DAY EVERYDAY
user1391068431203;TEAM JOHNNY DEPP!!!!!!
e x p l o i t;Why amber breathing in mic ?
no;Ppl keep saying “my dog stepped on a bee” cos Amber said that in court
user7129475430515;The reality Amber no one had ever heard of you, you got with Johnny for Hollywood connections
user2512413915381;I said Johnny you just hit me
Mvilla208;Johnny’s attorneys are gangster!!!
user4789347429173;This is just what it sounds like when amber talks
swagmoney;and i said johnny, you hit me.
D. Beatsmith;"Team Amber" lol. Birds of a narcissistic feather.
idek;Ppl that say team amber are ..
Nane Mur;JOHNNY BROTHAAA I GOT THIS
Key;Team Amberrrrrr SIKEEEEEEEEEE
userMarie;People forget that AMBER HEARD identifies as a man, and as such, her testimony comes across as confu
Charlie/Charlotte;Is amber on pause or something
Junior ding bat;Who here likes Johnny Depp bc I definitely do
damian sanchez;Amber is going to beat up the judge
sofu;is it awkward to seat right in front of Johnny?
Jessica;HAHAHAHA AMBER GORL… take ur coke and leave
John Daitch;amber on top!!!! oh wait for got april fools alr past
itsmehayley8;She keeps glancing at Johnny
Mary Lynn Vrastil;everything stopped in 2019 Amber
Z;Say Justice for Johnny  if ur team Johnny
tracyweaverhuntin;he not gonna look at you Amber!! Stop looking at him. lol
camila besse;team Amber ???? as they can ? a lot of madness
I’m cool;TEAM JOHNNY DEP FOR LIFE
Guy who’s always trying toAct;Justice for Johnny #JFJ
itsmehkayde2;Johnny dies do some amazing actions
4Town;Justice for Jonny depp
Simseline;Johnny clean your nose when she lies.
gtlady;What amber heard headed
ClintBeastWood33;Johnny should sell his court room art!!!
DominicAndrewBlack;JUSTICE FOR JOHNNY! HAPPY HOURS IS ANYTIME!
user7129475430515;Amber wants to live for free, to stay in a penthouse cheat with men and chicks her plan, for free
Jodi;amber keeps looking at Johnny
Delilah;Johnny is drawing his long lost ship
M_thepekbull;Lawyers: intense legal talk. Johnny: I think this drawing could use a better shade of blue
Snap:lexiebutler2022;Amber looks like constapated crocodile
user5353513116644Sandy;Ambers team fighting Scared
Christina Bilden;Is anyone team Amber?
dopamine;can someone tell me what amber did
Dilara Bibi;No matter what Johnny will have a nice art exhibition
Kendra_is_me;JOHNNY YOU JUST HIT ME
My Boozy Kitchen;she keeps glancing at Johnny
Mariah;She keeps looking at Johnny
nothing;Johnny is going to win I see
AuroraleA;Amber lookin for a way to get a sniff
itsmehayley8;She KEEPS glancing at Johnny
user1014572348579;#justiceforjohnnydepp
henry;Johnny you slapped me
avatarunus;Why does she keep looking at Johnny
Kait;So we all here to listen to more of ambers BS???? Or is that just me
ronaldo_arispe;CH!NG4 TU M4DRE AMBER
theia0110;i want amber to cry so i can feel joy
perrine_delaroche;justice for Johnny Depp
macy;depps desk area is the funniest
Hayila, Hayila Malfoy.;OMG JOHNNYS RIGHT THERE
leii;Amber just looking every minute or so
will;how much prison time is amber getting?
Davianna <3;Whoever is team amber is delusional
Kendra_is_me;JOHNNY YOU JUST HIT ME
carterlynch188;Amber shit in his bed go Johnny
mrsxcarbajal;Look at amber looking like she’s from the hunger games
Danoch81;team johnny but Amber is hot AF
:);MALAKISMENH AMBERRR PANE GAMHSOU PERASE O POULOS K EIPE NA TON PAREIS ELA LIGO PANE K GAMHSOU MWRH
user7092565889690;come and make pirate 6 johnny
userMarie;People forget that AMBER HEARD identifies as a man, and as such, her testimony is confused
xshadowxwhispererx;that court typist is sending dirty looks to amber lol
What’s up!;Johnny all the way!!!
Pig_Benis;Johnny Playing cod rn
samayahrashid20;type j if y support Johnny
B W;She keeps looking at Johnny
emmesstROBLOXgod;I was walking out the bedroom he slapped me, I turned to look at him and said Johnny u hit me you
FoxyKlapzVr;I can’t tell you how much of a waste of time this is to Johnny
.;Ambers getting nervous
Shanty Elizondo;cuando se termina esto para que ya declaren culpable a Amber
69.your.fav.Pisces.69;TEAM AMBER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
justbored.em;Amber just admit it :/
Uni.puff07;Amber has purgered herself on almost everything she has said in the entire case
Lisa Sez;100,000 PEEPS WATCHING AND PRAYING For JOHNNY
glenandval22.22;Ambers light is burning out
Zoar Vasquez;Who is team amber bruh
Duaa;check out my impression of amber heard
selAHH;why amber look like that
Lucy Nolan;Is this some of the jury reflecting in Johnnys computer
Rigs;is there anyone who actually believes what Amber says
What the dog doin;What is Johnny doing?
jj ;WHO TF JUST SAID TEAM AMBER???
bri<3;smh amber is ridiculous
Shannon Baxter;When does johnnys team get to square up amber?
Chuck;When is the last court! Wanna see Mr.Depp win already
The Gazette;clearly amber is saddistic its her lifestyle ig
IsthisJuneBug;AMBERS LAST TIME SHE WILL BE ON TV
perrine_delaroche;justice for Johnny Depp
Jessica;I want to see the Johnny Depp
savareyes;@kayxlarblx it must be another amber
a little rose Sapling.;TELL ME JOHNY DEPP WON
Chelsie Salvador;I can’t imagine being Johnny right now
Stephanie;Amber has had to learn that she’s not in control of everything that happens around her
Maria Fernanda Ig850;#JUSTICEFORJHONNYDEEP #AMBERHEARDISALIAR
Nano!;HELP THE WOMAN LOOKING AT AMBER
Chap;Johnny playing a video game?
A preppy Account6;Someone just said team Amber
Mimi;The lady just casually staring amber down
TNTphoto;Whos Johnny depp ?????
Navi;johnny playing x and o by himself
Jalynn westra;Dis still goin on goooooooo Johnny
Tiktoker;someone really said team amber what r u on
claybo2002;amber heard a baddie no cap
Kendra_is_me;AMBER HEARD:THERES NO NEED FOR THAT
Hitman;He slapped me across the face, I turned to look at him at him I said Johnny you hit me you just hit
DogBlox;amber is choking on my ballz
Francesca;what is Johnny watching?
Alyssah Sites;The lady looking at Amber records every word said and types them as well
sdij_;What is Johnny watching
danny young;go Jonny but I would let Amber shit on me
Tiger Saiyan830;Johnny is  playing Fortnite
g;is she staring at amber?
non of your business;amber better call saul
livia;cadê as variedades de penteados amber?
Mia;Ambers team finished now cross
Nalah;Imagine having the name of amber heard
Virgilio Echeverria;Who slidin for Johnny
Beyourownmuse1;Let this be a lesson to every liar out there AMBER
user4283117607595;And she’s trying to do eye contact to Johnny
people2people2;I poooed on Johnny’s side
Str8razer;amber looks like Dr.Evil from Austin powers in that suit.
baby_liz12;Do you like jazz amber??
Jessica;Amber give up the act
F_Up_Hector;Johnny Depp is better
Snkrsconnectmcr;Is she looking at amber?
Jen;I love how Johnny doesn’t care
CatherineRAuthor;Delay tactics. But I love it Ambers having to sit there
Sabrina Fry-may;@makeupbymathandi it’s all about Johnny
Amanda Morgan;What is on Johnnys  screen ??
minbunwu;JOHNNY YOU JUST HIT ME
Hailie Ortiz;I wanna see what Johnny drew
Kyle;Why is the lady sitting staring at amber help
ryan_s;Justice for Amber Heard
LongschlongSilvers;DAMN JOHNNY GOT THE ZYNS? LETSSS GO
Chava Dos;No PR team can help Amber
Jayde Alvarado;Amber what did you have in that damn TISSUE
Skyylin;My bee. Maybe. Guilty Amber!
Fede117;johnny playing world of warcraft
Scott Elwell;is amber single or what?
..;Awww what is Johnny doing
F_Up_Hector;Johnny Depp is better
Emon;Amber is guilty, not depp
Moo Prep;Wait did Johnny dep win yet?
Ann (Ana);Does amber dress herself?
Janet Mays;are those paints in front of Johnny?
BatmomsUnballings  Batmom;Oh wow I just found this..wow cool Can thry point Camera  to Johnny
FadiaBernoty;<3 chain if ur with Johnny
user690686;My dog stepped on a bee….. JOHNNY DEEP SHALL BE FREE!!!!!! #team Johnny
MWMontanari;can they put POTC on the tv for Johnny?
jamiemoore3975;If amber buss case I’m riding out on her
Zoe;MY DOG STEPPED ON A BEE U ABUSED JOHNNY TEE HEE
Abbie brown;Just saw a comment saying team amber EW
Sí Ni Gilláin;Poor Johnny sitting there alone across from her
macdav99090;justice for johnny depp
Mia123;When will amber be getting asked questions by Johnny lawyers
Bear;JUSTICE FOR JOHNNYYYYYYYY DEPP
bri<3;who ever said team amber , you probably cheat too
kill;yowww johnny deep my artis fav
Viktorija T;Johnny is watching Russia Today
Jessica;I love you too Johnny
Khaby;Johnny looks like amberrr
Storm;Like Jesus how much longer of this shit.. ambers way of stealing time?
Francesca;what is Johnny watching?
Ralph Carbone;Amber has had more air time than her entire career!!!
Bubblegum;Justice for Johnny depp
._.;Can someone tell me when the tell amber she has to go to jail?
Ida51;Watch out Amber, Camille is coming
Fitman;Why does Johnny keep looking down guilty
Kco;She keeps looking at Johnny
user8653425822238;johnny team probably asked one question and her team got scared
Stephanie Lally88;reckon ambers the most hated woman on the planet right now!!
annelayne946;after this Johnny needs 2 mega pints lol
JustChillenMan;JOHNNNNY DEPPPP PLSSS
Madison;JUSTIC FOR JOHNNY!!!!!
grace kirby ;JUSTICE FOR JOHNNY!!!!
random;its johnny dep whos com
Non-toxic marker;Johnny(blinks) OMG OWCH WAAAA
Andrew Burnette;Amber Heard is still attractive, now I get why women go after serial killers.
hades<3;JOHNNY BEING ENTERTAINED I’M CRYING AHAH
Mary;Johnny. We love you and are all here For you love
Shannon Baxter;@roxyanddakotalittersis yes up to 10 years if found johnnys wins for lying on the stand
Penny Harper;Team depp all the way
perrine_delaroche;Johnny Depp i love you
undefined;johnny deep has 90 movies and you a aquaman
dotank;GO AMBER strongest woman
Esther+Mila;#justiceforjohnnydepp
Fitman;Johnny has no emotion
alex;amber been doin bumps all day
Jen;Johnnys screen has the reflection of people sitting behind him
Papi.Chulo666;Amber makes Putin look like a good person
Vie/Stwa;You guys wanna know what’s in the jar of dirt? Ambers career
hannahsims475;Is the court typist just staring at Amber?
if.you.follow.i.follow.0;if u don’t like johnny leave NOW
ryan_s;Justice for Amber Heard
Aye bae bae;Amber I feel bad at for you
Julie;Gotha Johnny from Denmark
Vaughn Botes;no one likes Amber heard!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
mike jones141;justice for amber = sentencing
Emely;Team amber is no Team, there’s only Team Johnny sorry
Scraps&Zero;THIS IS A JOHNNY DEPP HOUSE!!
shell_w10;we all love you Johnny x
Lilo8;I think amber is obsessed with carpets she always be bringing them up
Ashleigh Johnston;Is Johnny’s lawyers up yet
Linda.Tuimalo;WHO TF SAID TEAM AMBER LIKE WHATT IM TEAM JOHHNY ALL DAY A
I Follow Back;Amber is freaking out guaranteed
Dog Unleashed;her outfit is similar like Johnny
Jamie Kirby;Anyone who believes Amber they need their head examined, j/s
Lisa Silvester McKen;Is Johnny seeing anyone?
king nia;team black pearl #Johnny
AnimeFanGuy;Justice for Johnny Depp
Scott Harris478;why is this not finished yet, pay Depp and move on
*;TEAM JOHNNY WHETHER HE WINS OR NOT
Vinh Phong;When are we going to find one piece Johnny???
p.sivam;we can see johnny dreaming on his screen
thisappisstoopid2;I wonder what Johnny is drawing
Sam.Htxx;Lady on computer mugging amber
Amelia Carver;I hope Johnny will win
lolo;ik y’all didn’t jus say team amber
your friendly bolo;and I turn to look at him and I say jOhNny yOu hIt mE yOu jUst
Danielle Tatie Gendr;Team Johnny!!! But can you stop with the bee please . We All know the joke !! Please !
Em6?;Depp is playing gta v
Mathew;amber heard a deserves better
Kyle.M;ayyeeeeeeee its Johnny
adncinthya;johnny.  te admiro...
